The news on the AI story will remain
volatile. Scale is getting to be even
more important given the investments
that are needed in AI.
>> Anyone investing solely in AI right now
is taking risks they don't need to be
taking.
>> There are some tailwinds for US
companies into next year. The earnings
engine in the United States is on.
>> In the end, the fundamentals will
dominate. This is Bloomberg Surveillance
with Jonathan Pharaoh, Lisa Abramowitz,
and An Marie Hordern. It is Friday. Good
morning. Welcome to Bloomberg
Surveillance. Finally getting a spot of
positivity and unusually skeptical
December with stocks building on
yesterday's rally. A renewed focus this
morning on Tik Tok with an agreement
being signed with firms including Oracle
about a joint venture. Oracle shares
higher this morning and a Bank of Japan
rate hike capping a big week of central
bank decisions with Japanese yields at
the highest levels going back 30 years.
You are seeing just a bid of yen
weakening this morning. Danny Burgerer
alongside me this morning. I'm so
pleased to say Danny, it really does
seem like such a huge divide between the
rest of the world and the United States
when it comes to the rate cutting or
rate hiking type of backdrop 100%
because you have, as you say, the Bank
of Japan hiking rates to a 30-year high.
the ECB yesterday putting things on hold
in a Bloomberg story out shortly after
of officials saying the rate cutting
cycle is over. Then you had a more
divided and hawkish BOE decision. For
now, the US is concentrating on CPI. But
as we get into this quiet period, how
much of the narrative turns into there
are holes. So maybe the more important
thing is what's happening to bond yields
abroad and that pressuring us here at
home. Right now it seems like people are
saying yes, there were holes in that CPI
report. Yes, it was completely
unreliable. Yes, you cannot look at this
and say that that is how much CPI
actually did go down relative to the
month before. However, we don't care
because it's going to give this Fed a
chance to run this economy hot, which is
the thesis heading into 2026. To be
fair, Austin Goulsby, who was one of the
FOMC members who dissented in the last
decision, he was out yesterday saying
that there was a lot to like in the CPI
data. He said, "Yes, you need more than
one month." But having someone who's
maybe on the more hawkish side kind of
confirming that the data is looking
better, that was just another feather in
the Dove's hat. But maybe it's enough
just to kind of get this narrative shift
that things are cooler even if you know
owner's equivalent rent is you know some
people saying that someone should be
fired for it.
>> Yes, we saw that report yesterday coming
out because there just is a zero put
there. Uh if you don't have the comp.
Meanwhile, we are looking ahead to a big
year of geopolitics and a question of
the government's role in really
supporting big tech in the United
States. We saw finally there does seem
to be some sort of joint venture with
Tik Tok. I think this is really
interesting in light of some of the
bigger questions about the US
government's involvement in big US
companies that are considered
strategically important and Oracle and
the Ellison's just keeping a thread in
so many of these deals, whether it be
this, whether it be Warner Brothers
Discovery. How much of this deal making
is away from the world of we're buying
things because they grow well versus
we're buying things because we're
closely connected to the government and
we want to be involved in whatever
national security concerns that the
government also has. I want to hear what
Larry Ellison is hearing because let me
tell you, I think that would be actually
quite instructive right now in markets.
A question about whether we can reprise
the Santa Claus rally that isn't this
year. We're down about a percent on the
S&P so far this month. Even with
yesterday's bounce this morning trying
to build on that up about a quarter of a
percent. I feel like every morning we're
up between a quarter of a percent and a
half a percent and then it's a wild ride
for the rest of the day. Meanwhile, that
Euro dollar cross around that 117 mark,
man, it has been pegged there. And
you're looking at 10-year yields just
marginally higher up two basis points
after the Bank of Japan rate hike to
4.14%.
Coming up this hour, Kevin Man of Henian
and Walsh with stocks coming off their
best day in three weeks. It's a low bar.
Heidi Kribo Retiker of the Council on
Foreign Relations on what's next for
peace talks between Russia and Ukraine
and Krishna Guha of Evercore ISI on
potential holes in the CPI inflation
data. What Swiss cheese? Uh I think that
was one thing or take it with the entire
shaker of salt. We begin this hour with
stocks rising as markets close out the
last full trading week of 2025. Kevin
man of Hian and Walsh writing his macro
theme in 2026 is follow the money saying
we believe that the bull market will
celebrate its four-year anniversary.
However, there will likely be short-term
bouts of volatility. Kevin joins us now.
Volatility seems to be the theme and yet
money is the Trump factor. What we're
seeing right now is people flooding back
into equities. Is it enough to get the
optimism back before the end of the
year?
>> I think optimism will continue in
certain areas of the market. And to my
quote earlier, I think the areas of the
market that led this bull market over
the first three years may very well not
be the areas that lead this bull market
over its next three years if in fact it
continues that long. But if you follow
the money in terms of where all the
money was spent in 2025 and will likely
be spent in 2026, I still think there's
more growth opportunities ahead.
>> How much is that predicated on this idea
of running the economy hot? The idea
that the Federal Reserve is going to cut
rates on any excuse, even a very holy uh
CPI report, and I mean full of holes,
not necessarily religious. There is this
feeling that they are looking for
reasons to cut rates even with inflation
higher than expected. Is that sort of
the base case for you? Not for me. In
fact, if I look to just a week ago from
the Fed's dot plot chart at that point
in time, they're forecasting just one
rate cut in 2026 and one more rate cut
in 2027. Now, that could all change next
May when we have a new chair of the
Federal Reserve. Perhaps we get both of
those rate cuts in 2026, but I wouldn't
expect too much during the first half of
the year. But regardless of what the
Federal Reserve does, we know that this
AI infrastructure spend is going to
continue, albeit through from circular
financing levels. We know that the
spending on aerospace and defense is
going to continue. President Trump
announced, I believe, 911 billion going
towards defense in the US. And we know
that NATO countries have committed to
spend up to 5% of their GDP on defense
by 2035. That's a lot of money going
towards defense contractors. And how
about power? The AI revolution stops
without power. So, we need to look at
nuclear. We need to look at natural gas.
And that brings the utilities into play.
And then my biggest theme for 2026 is
healthcare and not traditional
healthcare like large cap pharma but
small cap biotech. I think there's going
to be more M&A activity. It's going to
be focused on those areas such as
oncology, obesity drugs, uh cancer
treatments. If you look at the gene
editing and gene splicing, that's where
all the activity is going to take place.
And here's a great stat for you. Over
the upcoming years, over 200 drugs are
scheduled to come off patent. associated
with those 200 drugs is over $300
billion worth of revenue. As all of
those drugs now get subject to generic
pricing, where's large cap pharma going
to turn to replace all that lost
revenue? They're going to have to be
inquisitive and small cap biotech going
to ride that tailwind.
>> You know, in all of these sectors that
you're talking about, you could tie some
sort of AI element to it. Usually people
talk about it as a benefit, but can you
talk about the other side? When you
think about AI disruption, are there
things that you wouldn't touch for fear
of disruption? be it enterprise
software, be it a radiology company,
what do you want to back away from as we
try to figure out how AI impacts things?
>> Sure. I'm going to answer that question
a little bit of a different way to
provide a smoother road for investors
along this AI revolution, which is going
to be a very long road as we know filled
with many potholes. I think you need to
build a diversified portfolio across the
entire ecosystem. Don't lean so much
into semiconductors and chips and
software plays. Right now, we're still
in the infrastructure buildout portion
of this revolution. I've said on this
program before, I think we're in batting
practice of a double header. Batting
practice involves infrastructure. The
games involve the actual spending and
deployment of AI. So, I would shift more
time and attention to the data center
plays, data center construction,
electrical connectivity, cooling
solutions like a company like Comfort
Systems being added to the S&P 500 next
Monday. Their stocks up over 100% year
to date. Yet, they're only trading at a
forward PE of around 34. Not too rich.
and then bring in the utility plays as
well in some of the small module
reactors. I think that's a better ro.
>> Kevin, it also strikes me that a lot of
what you're talking about is also
happening in private markets, just not
in public markets.
>> Can you get the exposure you want just
through public equity or do you need
exposure to private credit to private
equity to other parts of this of this
ecosystem?
>> Yes. Um, I've been resistant so far on
private credit and private equity
because liquidity is paramount to me in
our portfolio structures. Liquidity
doesn't matter until it matters and
generally during that periods of
volatility and crisis. So, I don't want
to subject to my clients to liquidity
concerns, but I think you can find
exposure to all those areas of the
ecosystem through the public equity
market. And I think there's an abundance
of opportunities out there. But
valuations do matter and all the means
by which these companies are financing
the way that they play the AI revolution
is important, right? Because to me
there's going to be more losers than
winners in the AI revolution. But the
best way to find and identify those
winners are those who are deploying
capital strategically smartly with the
balance sheet to sustain themselves
throughout this entire revolution. But
don't just look for the next Nvidia of
the world. Look to those ancillary
benefactors. Can those ancillary
benefactors win without government
support? And I say this as the US
government gets more involved in picking
the winners and losers and a lot of the
issues that we're talking about in
particular in the power area become
increasingly politically motivated. You
think about power prices rising 10% in
the first eight months of the year. This
raises a question especially for an
administration that wants to bring down
costs. How does that factor into the
calculus of what some of the profit
landscape looks like for these
companies? I would think that the
utility sector is an excellent example
of an area that will benefit because of
government failures with respect to
upgrading and maintaining our power
grid. Before the AI revolution, our grid
was frail and it was ripe for shutdown.
Now, these utility companies aren't
going away regardless of the AI
revolution. But as we saw with the deal
between Microsoft and Constellation
Energy to reopen 3M Island, large cap
tech's not waiting for the government to
fix the grid. They're going out and
forming their own strategic
partnerships. And then we see the
evolution of these small modular
reactors from company like Newcale
Power, ironically enough with a ticker
of SMR, building these small modular
reactors so that data centers can get
nuclear power off-grid. That's the
future regardless of what the government
does. So some of these themes can
persist with or without government
intervention.
>> Before we let you go, Kevin, because
you're so optimistic, it's been a pretty
pessimistic
optimistic. Okay, fine. But cautiously
optimistic, but optimistic nonetheless.
And we're looking at a lot of pessimism
to close out the year. Even good
earnings reports. Nikes could have been
thought of as an a good earnings report.
Absolutely. Stocks tanking. There is
this feeling show me and then you when
you show me it's not going to be enough.
What's it going to take to turn around
the sentiment?
>> I think there's a large contingent of
investors on Wall Street who really want
this perceived AI bubble to burst. And I
think for those investors who are
waiting for this bubble to burst,
they're likely to miss out on the most
significant returns that the AI
revolution has to offer. But there's
going to be a lot more volatility next
year than there is this year. We got
midterms. We got the partial funding of
the federal government coming due at the
end of January. We got the debt sealing
debate. All that's going to create some
choppiness, but I think this bull market
continues into its fourth year in 2026.
>> Kevin Man, thank you so much for being
with us. Great to see you. Kevin man of
Hennian and Walsh here in New York.
Right now, let's get you an update on
stories elsewhere. Here is your
Bloomberg brief with Yahra and on Yahra.
>> Good morning, Lisa. Tik Tok and Bite
Dance have signed agreements to create a
US joint venture that will be majority
owned by American investors. According
to an internal memo seen by Bloomberg,
Oracle, Silverlake Management, and MGX
have all signed onto the deal. It is
expected to close on January 22nd if
approved by Chinese regulators. Oracle
shares are up nearly 5% in the
pre-market on the news. Meanwhile, the
suspected shooter in the Brown
University attack and alleged murder of
an MIT professor has been found dead.
Cladio Manuel Neves Valente was a
48-year-old Portuguese national and
former Brown student. The motive for the
attacks is unclear. The Trump
administration has halted the US green
card lottery program, which it claims
was used by the suspect.
and the Bank of Japan delivering an
interest rate hike to raise levels to
their highest since 1995. The move is
part is part of a continued shift from
ultraloose policy. Governor Kazua Uea
signaled markets should expect further
gradual increases. A fresh read on
consumer prices in Japan also showed
inflation rising 3% for November above
the BOJ's 2% target. That's your
Bloomberg brief. Lisa,
>> thank you so much. More on the Bank of
Japan coming up. Up Nexo standing behind
Ukraine.
>> The member states have agreed to finance
the Ukraine through EU borrowing on the
capital markets for an amount of 90
billion e for the next two years.
>> Haidig Kbo Riker of the Council on
Foreign Relations joins us next as we do
get some insight into the financing of
Ukraine from Europe. From New York City,
this is Bloomberg Surveillance. Good
morning.
We try this every single day. Let's try
this again. Yesterday, we actually did
get a rally, the first one in five
trading sessions. We had the best day in
three weeks. We're going to try to build
on that. Up two ten of a percent on S&P
futures. Just as a reminder, December
tends to be a great month. tends to be
positive for equities right now. S&P
solidly in the red, down about a
percent, the NASDAQ down about 1 and a
half% so far on the month. Yen weakness.
Explain this to me. Riddle me this. The
the Japanese the Bank of Japan raised
rates to the highest levels going back
30 years and there is a softening in the
Japanese yen even with a discussion of
further rate hikes. Danny Burgerer,
please explain.
>> I wish I had a good explanation. I mean
to be fair, the one people are offering
up is people wanted more hawkishness
from UEA and the Bank of Japan. How much
more hawkish could you realistically
have gotten? This is a governor and a
Bank of Japan who upon their their
decision said that they're going to keep
raising rates if the outlook is met and
it looks like the outlook is going to be
met. This is not a Bank of Japan or a
central bank that typically gives much
more forward guidance than that. So, I
don't really know what else we could
have done. People were looking for more
clarity on when they were going to hike
rates next. Even with the neutral rate
estimated between one and two and a half
percent, it just wasn't enough. Will it
be enough? Turning our focus from Japan,
from Asia over to Europe with what the
European Union has promised to Ukraine
under surveillance this morning.
Standing behind Ukraine,
>> the member states have agreed to finance
the Ukraine through EU borrowing on the
capital markets for an amount of 90
billion for the next two years.
>> Here's the latest. The EU leaders
striking a deal to provide a 90 billion
euro loan for Ukraine's defense efforts
against Russia. This as US and Russian
officials gear up for negotiations in
Miami this weekend. Our team coverage
starts right now with Bloomberg's Tyler
Kendall in Washington and Oliver Crook
in the EU Council in Brussels. Ali, I
want to start with you. Can you talk
about how surprising this agreement was
that they signed on to a 90 billion euro
uh loan financed through group debt
rather than seizing Russian assets?
It was fairly surprising given that
Chancellor Mertz, you know, the most
influential of these leaders within that
sort of room came into the meeting
yesterday saying that basically the only
real option there was to getting this
financing to Ukraine was seizing those
Russian assets and getting them to the
Ukrainians. What we have got instead is
something of I think we can say
typically European solution to the
problem. Highly complex a little bit
convoluted but does take us to where we
need to be at from the European level.
So this is a 0% loan to the tune of 90
billion euros. This will come from the
European uh budget. So this will be
backed by joint debt which is ultimately
backed backed by the Russian assets. Now
to explain that a little bit further,
the idea is here you give the money to
Ukraine. Ukraine only needs to pay that
money back if they get reparations from
Russia. If Russia does not pay those
reparations, then the assets come into
play. So this solves the problem of
getting the money to Ukraine. It solves
a problem of Belgium and some of the
other countries that had objected to
this because this is a loan that is not
backed by all of the EU countries. It's
backed by 24 of them with the exception
of Hungary, the Czech Republic, um and
Slovakia. And then the last point here
is that then the member states and the
European countries like Germany can say
that this uh sort of risk does not sit
on their balance sheet which is not not
true but it's a little bit more
complicated than that. So on the one
hand one might say this is an intensely
elegant solution to a pretty complex
problem. One might also say it's a sort
of elaborate cankicking exercise to
figure out what to do with the Russian
assets. later on.
>> Tyler, from Washington DC's standpoint,
do we have a sense of how much patience
President Trump has with Russian leader
Vladimir Putin as this discussion goes
on?
>> Yeah. Hey Lisa, good morning. Well, it
is increasingly clear that the Trump
administration has grown frustrated with
Russian President Vladimir Putin and the
pace that these talks have been
progressing. In fact, though, that is
part of why we heard from EU officials
that this deal Oliver was just outlining
came at a crucial time amid concerns
that Ukraine may be forced to agree to
some unfavorable terms amid this
pressure from the White House to get a
deal done. And these talks happening in
Miami between US and Russian officials
this weekend. Because while we have seen
some progress when it comes to the talks
on the European side with Ukraine,
including the US this week pledging that
we could see a article 5 like security
guarantee in reference to NATO's mutual
defense clause. US officials say that
that pledge is only on the table for so
long. And we know that territory remains
a major sticking point which has put
pressure on Ukraine as President Trump
himself has suggested that the country
may need to seed land in the eastern
Donbos region. Now, ultimately this
weekend, we're going to be watching two
separate meetings. It's our
understanding that Ukraine will have a
meeting with US negotiators that is
separate from the one happening in Miami
led by special envoy Steve Wickoff and
the president's son-in-law Jared
Kushner. Because Lisa, to your question,
uh the big question really is what is
Russia going to agree to? What will
actually get them to the table amid the
developments this week about these
bolstered security guarantees and a plan
to keep Ukraine's army capped at 800,000
troops? Tyler Kendall, Ali Crook to both
of you. Thank you so much and have a
wonderful weekend. Thank you for all the
work so far uh in December. Joining us
now is Heidi Kribo Retiker of the
Council on Foreign Relations. Heidi,
thank you so much for being with us. You
recently wrote a piece about how the
structure of financing that your
European Union agrees on for Ukraine
matters. So, what have we learned
overnight when it comes to the structure
they have laid out?
So I mean there was first of all there
was not a question in my mind as to
whether or not Ukraine was going to get
the the financial support from the EU.
It was just basically how and they did
it through collective borrowing which I
think you know it's it's a it's a step
towards mutualized debt but it's not but
it is absent you know three of three uh
of the EU countries namely Hungary um
Slovakia and Czech and so I I think on
the one hand that's that's good they
came through with um with the 90 billion
this is uh just from a timing
perspective I think it had to happen
because the IMF F is uh is finalizing an
$ 8.1 billion loan to support Ukraine.
And there's a huge gap in their in their
financing. And so the EU really needed
to step up to uh to to provide support.
And the 90 billion is going to go a long
way there. It's not all the way there
because I think the gap that is
projected over the next three years is
136.5 billion which is huge. And uh but
but this is a big step in the right
direction. It's uh it also I think
Oliver pointed I mean it's an elegant
solution in a way because it takes uh it
it takes the burden off of individual
countries um to actually uh provide the
uh you know budget finance from their
own individual budgets. So there is a
bit of a a collective shift, but at the
same time, it would have been a lot more
powerful to use the Russian sovereign
assets. The uh the this is this was
something they've been negotiating it
for a very very long time and it was I I
believe politically a big failure for
Chancellor Mertz, so this didn't get
done.
>> And that's something that Ukraine and
Zalinsky had been arguing that it
becomes a powerful negotiating force if
they were to use the frozen Russian
assets. He tidy on the other side of
things. The Belgians had been arguing
that it would face legal retribution and
just retribution in general if they had
used these Russian funds straight up. Is
there any merit to the arguments coming
from the European capital?
>> So, you know, Belgium, I think at the
end of the day, just really didn't want
to do this. They had a lot of popular
support in not moving forward to use
these uh immobilized Russian assets. And
Urclair obviously, you know, has the the
Russians just uh just sued uh for um you
know, in case Uraclear was planning to
use any of these assets even though the
structures that were being discussed
would have taken the the legal I think
the legal burden away from both URL and
Belgium. But the you know at the end of
the day this is something where Mertz
was standing by himself. France and and
Italy went um went lukewarm and did not
support him and Belgium just you know
pushed through and and decided that this
was something that they that they cared
a lot about. I I I'm of two minds. I
think that the EU needs to move towards
collective borrowing for its own
national security in order to be able to
fund for example its own defense. But
the uh but for this it just needed to
get done and it got done by hook or
crook. What does it change if anything
Heidi though to the political situation
of the very highly indebted nations of
France of Italy of others? Well, I mean
this is going to be a burden a burden on
them and I it's a this is ideally this
would have been uh you know an exercise
where you didn't have to have uh any
additional any additional funding coming
from in particular you know countries
like France and Italy and others that
are you know that are struggling for you
know from a you know that don't have the
the headroom to really borrow or put too
much up um for uh to support this loan.
It's it just it it's it's unfortunate
because they had an opportunity to
actually use a sizable amount of Russian
of Russian funds and and they weren't
able to get there.
Heidi Kuribker of the Council on Foreign
Relations. Thank you so much for being
with us this morning and great piece uh
over the weekend that we're going to be
reading and parsing through. Right now
we are seeing rates in the Euro region
uh rising. Is this because of the Bank
of Japan or is this because of the
collective debt issuance that people are
expecting?
>> Yeah. And and what that's on top of
Germany also saying it would be a record
year for their debt issuance in 2026 off
the back of an ECB that's also finished
with their rate cutting cycle. Again, it
adds to the political pressure that's
already very present in a lot of these
highly indebted European countries.
Heidi was talking about some of them.
France, Italy facing those issues live.
>> Potentially Germany though also facing
those issues given the fact that their
growth has not picked up. And coming up
in just a minute, Alicia Ree of Redbush
as Netflix gains ground in the fight for
Warner Brothers Discovery. We'll get the
latest there. Plus, Yhira Anand with
your morning movers. Nike plunging on a
weak sales forecast. Those shares lower
by about 10 and a half%. Running was
good. China was not. This is Bloomberg
Surveillance.
Santa Claus just wasn't in the mood this
year. Maybe he'll get a little bit more
in the mood. What we are seeing is that
lift across the board ahead of the open
similar to what we saw yesterday and it
actually came to fruition yesterday. Can
we make that day too? NASDAQ futures
leading the charge up 4/10en of a
percent as some of those areas get
inflows once again. people pouring money
into US equities with the idea maybe the
tech selloff has gone too far. When you
take a look at the bond space, that
really is where the interest is,
especially in 10-year denominations
given the fact that we saw a Bank of
Japan rate hike as well as potential
questions about the fiscal uh buildout
in Europe. Right now, we're looking at
yields higher over in uh over in Japan
at the highest levels going back to
1999. And we're looking at yields over
in Germany also higher after the joint
borrowing plan up to almost 3%. In the
US a sympathy selloff right 4.15%
but how much can we see divergence Danny
between what the US central bank is
doing what the bank of Japan is doing
and what the ECB is really coming to
fruition with. It's going to be such a
pushpull as we continue into 2026 cuz
that is what we have seen yesterday. It
was US CPI that dominated the story. You
can have a separate debate over the
validity of that US CPI, but at the
moment to your point, it's global bond
yields which are pressuring things. And
that has been the story of the last
month. You add that into inflation
concerns, and it was a long end of the
US curve that was doing the exact
opposite of what US policy makers both
in the White House and at the Fed have
been hoping for. So, how much does their
mission get challenged? If you do have
an ECB whose rate cutting cycle is done,
a BOJ who is hiking, a BOE whose rate
cutting cycle maybe is also done, do you
need to see more aggressive action and
maybe some fiscal dominance coming from
both the Treasury and the Fed working
together?
>> Yeah, hello balance sheet and 3 hours
away from the cash open. Here are your
morning movers with Yahara on Dehyra. Hi
Lisa. Cracks are emerging in the Nike
comeback story and shares are falling
sharply down more than 10% in the
pre-market. company warning that sales
will drop in the quarter and that's due
to two main drags. It's China sales and
its Converse brand. But as you mentioned
earlier, Lisa, it wasn't all bad. It
beat on earnings and revenue in the last
quarter, yet not enough to satisfy
investors this morning with shares, as I
said, down 10%. Meanwhile, it's a
morning of turnaround stories or
attempted turnarounds. And we have FedEx
falling 2.6%. Yet the company results
showed the company is showing signs of
success with the CEO's uh overhaul and
cost cutting plan starting to bear fruit
with a company beating on earnings and
raising the low end of its profit
outlook for the year. Yet a tough market
this morning with shares down 2.6%. And
we end on Coree the tech trade gaining
steam this morning. Shares are up 5.6%
6% this morning on renewed confidence in
its growth trajectory and it's really
for two reasons. First, you have OpenAI
looking to raise more than $100 billion
in a new funding round. That's according
to the journal. And of course,
Cororeweave is one of its most critical
infrastructure partners. So, it could
stand to benefit from that. At the same
time, Cororeweave is joining a major US
government's AI initiative called
Genesis Mission. So, showing its
footprint is growing. Lisa,
>> thank you so much. you will keep
watching those names. The more leveraged
of the tax space on our radar this
morning, the bank bank of Japan raising
its benchmark rate to the highest level
in 30 years and signaling more hikes
could be on the way. The move reflecting
growing conviction that the Bank of
Japan can reach the inflation target
it's pursued for more than a decade. It
has been 40 months, Danny, since we've
seen inflation above that 2% target. A
real question here around the neutral
rate being somewhere between 1% and two
and a half percent according to UEA. At
the same time, people taking this as not
as hawkish as they were expecting based
on the move in the yen.
>> I'm so glad I'm not an FX trader because
just on the surface, I would have looked
at this and said, "Yeah, of course,
stronger yen." Not only the discussion
around the neutral rate, but saying that
they if their expectations get met,
they're going to continue to hike and it
looks like expectations are going to be
met. It does introduce an interesting
structural change because bond yields
are still moving higher despite what the
currency is doing. And that means for
the first time, Japan doesn't have the
lowest yields. It's now China. So it
does mean things are shifting around
even if you know the yen isn't playing
ball
>> and it goes to the point you're making
which is how much does that change the
landscape? Japanese buyers were a huge
source of investment for US treasuries.
How much does that shift that and push
yields higher in the United States that
continues to be a focus heading into
year end. That to me is going to be one
of the big questions for 2026.
>> It really will be because we've seen
other times where the carry trade fails
and it has a big impact on US equities.
We haven't seen that as much this year.
But if you are seeing changes and a Bank
of Japan that does become more
aggressive, you have to assume that
those risks get reintroduced along with
I don't know what like the other
thousand risks that are currently on
people's minds for 2026.
>> And then a question for the United
States. How much can the Fed continue to
cut rates given the split screen that we
see around the world? Economists raising
doubts on yesterday's CPI print that
showed inflation cooling to a 4-year low
in November. The report, which was
impacted by the government shutdown,
showed inflation rates plummeting in
several categories that had long failed
to see prices fall. Think about, for
example, owner's equivalent rent. The
Swiss cheese report that really is
leaving more questions about how valid
it is to even depend on for the Federal
Reserve in January.
>> It it definitely was shelter and owner
equivalence rent that everyone zeroed in
on because the type of the type of moves
we saw were consistent with recessions.
And in order to get the moves that we
saw in the very very tiny gains, you'd
have to assume 0% for the month before
it led Omar Sharif at Inflation
Insights, I think this was maybe the
quote of the day, saying, "I'd fire
someone." Absurd. But what does it mean
for data going forward? What does it
mean not just for this month of months
to come? In the words of Powell, the
data is not just more volatile, it's
distorted. So how much faith can you
really take in the data we're getting,
especially to make decisions that feel
like they're on a knife edge, whether to
cut or whether to hold?
>> Yeah. data dependency taking on a new
meaning. Meanwhile, Tik Tok beginning
its separation from Chinese parent
company Bite Dance. Sources telling us
here at Bloomberg that the social media
giant signed an agreement with US
investors led by Oracle to create a new
American majorityowned joint venture
that will operate independently. More on
that coming up. We also have a
conversation with Jameson Greer, the
trade representative who has been
negotiating a lot of the different deals
with China, with Europe. He'll be
joining us at 8:15 a.m. Eastern.
Sticking with me media, traders raising
bets that Netflix will win the battle
for Warner Brothers Discovery after
Warner Brothers urged shareholders to
reject Paramount Skyance's offer. Alicia
Ree of Wedbush has an outperform rating
on the stock with a $140 price target
and writes the following. While we're
skeptical that the deal will pass
regulatory scrutiny, a completed deal
would allow Netflix to leverage its
streaming and production expertise to
broaden HBO's reach. Alicia joins us now
for more. Alicia, as we see this grind
on and some of the latest rhetoric
coming out of Warner Brothers, how much
does it look like Netflix is ultimately
going to be the winner?
>> Yeah, it looks like um shareholders have
a big decision to make um between, you
know, uh taking Paramount's hostile bid
um and and opting for Netflix. I I think
listening to the Warner Brothers um
board who has rejected Paramount for its
financial backing uncertainty in favor
of Netflix who has more certain
financial backing um for the deal. Um
the the combination though um and the
regulatory issues um will be pretty high
for both. Uh if it's a Paramount deal,
you have CP cifhious review that is not
going to be easy given the sovereign
wealth funds um that are um uh signed up
to back the deal. Um for Netflix it's
more DOJ um on competition not just on
the side for the consumer but also on
the side for um for those buying
content. um Netflix would like to put um
the deal in line with um other content
um purveyors like YouTube, but on the
buyer side, YouTube only buys um
userenerated content for the most part
um or pays for rather than buys um and
the Hollywood production um that would
create quite a bit of um you know
concentration for for US buyers of of
content. So that that really puts the
deal in a in a difficult position um to
pass all the regulatory scrutiny um as
as well as just you know the the impact
to Hollywood overall um movie theaters
and and so forth. So I I do think that
12 to 18 months will be long and and a
long dragged out process if they do win
the bid.
>> Alicia, what do we learn just in general
about the consolidation that we're
expecting in the media space on the
heels of this deal? the idea that size
really is necessary for survival. How
much more are you expecting come in 2026
given the pipeline of M&A that we keep
hearing about?
>> Yeah, there I I think it's it's
necessary because these standalone
studios are having increasingly
challenging um times trying to keep up
um with being, you know, competitive in
in this space. um content production is
not inexpensive and um a lot of these
studios that have legacy media um
properties um it makes sense that you
know for instance uh Warner Brothers
wants to spin that off um and go move
forward. Netflix just wants to move
forward with the studios um and the
streaming service that is probably going
to continue. We have a few more, you
know, standalone studios left and I
think that, you know, the tech companies
that have the cash are going to take
those over and and take those into the
next phase of the future in media.
>> Alicia Ree of Woodbush, thank you so
much for being with us. It seems like we
are wrapping up with a whole bunch of
loose ends, whether it's the Tik Tok and
the Oracle involvement, whether it's the
Warner Brothers and Oracle involvement.
I feel like Larry Ellison has his
fingerprints on absolutely everything as
we head into 2026. It's it's so true.
First of all, how does he find the time?
And maybe more importantly for
investors, how does he find the money? I
mean, Oracle is outright burning cash
now with all of the amount that they're
spending. So, what does it look like
them to do a Tik Tok deal on top of all
the data center spending that they're
doing, which by the way, we learned this
week some of their financing was getting
pulled back in the form of Blue Owl. So,
they're incredibly busy. And it's kind
of this idea that everything has a
flavor of some national involvement,
whether it be in Trump interested in the
outcome of CNN, whether it be Tik Tok
and the negotiations with the Chinese.
And that's the kind of web of Ellison
being tied to all these various deals.
>> Yeah, I looked at a map of the web of
Larry Ellison and frankly chatbt uh Open
AI and their involvement, their
integration in some ways and my mind
started to hurt. it became very
difficult to keep track of all of the
different financing uh pathways. Right
now, let's get you an update on stories
elsewhere this morning. Here is your
global brief with Yahira.
>> Hi, Lisa. Open AAI is seeking new
funding valuing the AI startup at up to
$830 billion according to the Wall
Street Journal. The company is aiming to
raise as much as $100 billion by the end
of the first quarter of 2026. With
renewed scrutiny over AI investment, it
is unclear if OpenAI will reach that
goal. Meanwhile, in a major regulatory
shift, President Trump signed an
executive order directing his
administration to move cannabis to
schedule three. That's a tier reserved
for drugs with accepted medical uses and
lower abuse potential. Rescheduling the
drug could open the door for more
clinical research and ease headaches for
the cannabis industry by eliminating a
punitive tax rule. And Toyota is
increasing efforts to appease President
Trump. The Japanese automaker shared it
will ship three models produced in
America to Japan next year. A move the
company aims to use to meet the needs of
its diverse customer base and improve
trade relations with the US. That's your
Bloomberg brief. Lisa, thank you so
much. Yahara. Up next, questioning the
data. You do need to be skeptical about
the magnitude of of those surprises in
these data points given what we know
about the government being shut down and
how that impacted data collection.
Krishna Guha of Evercore ISI joins us
next for the Swiss cheese CPI report
understanding where it was completely
non-instructive and where we could
actually glean some insights from New
York City. This is Bloomberg
Surveillance.
trying to build on what we saw
yesterday. A rally finally after four
straight trading sessions of stocks
heading lower after already seeing
losses for the month during a period of
time that typically is really positive
for risk assets this morning trying to
build on nent optimism led by the tech
space. NASDAQ futures up 4/10en of a
percent. Both the S&P and Russell 2000
futures up about 2/10en of a percent.
The action really lies in the bond
space. When you take a look not just at
the United States, but around the world,
you see yields higher after the Bank of
Japan raised interest rates to the
highest levels going back to 1995 at a
time when globally central banks seem to
be ending their rate cutting cycle. The
US might be moving in a different
direction. But Danny, this to me is the
theme. How much can the US diverge at a
time where global rates are not exactly
inflected significantly lower?
>> It's so true. Whether it be German
rates, UK, Japan, as you pointed out,
also ECB and BOE decisions to your point
suggesting that maybe we're nearing the
end of the rate cutting cycle. So, what
does that mean as this central bank here
in America tries to ease policy if it's
getting pressure from abroad? And I
should say it's a bond market right now
that doesn't seem to be fully pricing in
the risk of that. And I say that just
through bond market volatility. The move
index is currently at its lowest level
since 2021. Maybe it's cuz it's the end
of the year. We have CPI out of the way.
Who can even trust the data? I know
we'll get into that. Maybe that's why
it's calm. But it does feel like there's
a real risk coming from abroad to this
American bond market.
>> Maybe it has to do with faith in exactly
what you were talking about earlier,
Danny, which is fiscal dominance. this
idea of the Treasury and the Federal
Reserve working together to suppress
some of this volatility and some of the
longer end sell off that we've seen
elsewhere simply because this is such a
political issue. So this is the reason
why people are saying what do we do with
the data that we got yesterday under
surveillance this morning questioning
the data the surprise on the inflation
side inflation surprise to the downside
again that makes sense to us we are
seeing a lot of leading indicators on
the service inflation side that continue
to suggest that outside of the tariff
story we should start to see further
normalization in inflation towards 2%.
You do need to be skeptical about the
magnitude of of those surprises in these
data points given what we know about the
government being shut down and how that
impacted data collection. Here's the
latest. Economists casting doubt on
November CPI that showed inflation
cooling to a 4-year low after several
categories with stubborn prices seemed
to nearly evaporate. Krishna Guha of
Evercore ISI among the skeptical writing
it looks as if the BLS put in zero
inflation in multiple categories biasing
the read lower the Fed will be focused
on December and subsequent inflation
reports to clarify whether this is noise
Krishna I am so pleased to say joins us
now Krishna great to see you thank you
for being with us let's start there
>> pleasure
>> did we learn anything from yesterday's
CPI or is it just a shrug and forget and
next
>> so look Um, the report could have been
hawkish. It could have had some ugly
hawkish surprises. It didn't. Instead,
it had what on the face of it looked
like dovish surprises though with very
very big question marks about technical
decisions uh that may have biased this
significantly lower. So I would say that
from a market perspective, from an
inflation perspective, you know, the
fact that we're discussing whether there
is or isn't some good news here is at
least better than discussing how
seriously we should take some bad news.
But I think that's all it is at this
juncture. The Fed and the rest of us
will really be waiting to look at the
data from December onwards to get a
sense of what the real signal is here.
Do you think Krishna that in general Fed
officials are going to be more willing
to uh look past any kind of aberrations
in the data collection and say look this
just gives us a sense that inflation is
moving in the right direction. The
employment uh mandate is moving in the
wrong direction. We need to keep more
heavily weighting that which is going to
keep us on more dovish footing heading
into next year. How much is that an
accurate read of what we've seen over
the past couple of weeks?
So I think there's certainly some
element of what you've said, but I I
would be wary about thinking that the
data we've gotten, you know, since the
December meeting is really going to bias
the Fed significantly more doubbish,
right? You know, the the labor market
report was not too bad considering that
it covered the period of the shutdown
pothole plus that big oneoff set of
lagged Doge layoffs. you know, an
unemployment rate at 4.56
or 7, whatever it was, uh, you know,
with an increase in participation.
That's very consistent with what the
Fed's forecasts were predicting, uh, for
the end of next year, for the end of the
year. So, nothing there that really, I
think, pushes them more in the direction
of cutting. Remember also that the
private sector payroll gains for October
and November were not bad, weren't
great, but they certainly were on the
less bad end of the range I think of
potential outcomes. So certainly the
labor data continues to be soft, but you
know it could have been a lot worse with
that pothole. So I think the Fed will be
focused on seeing from the December
data, from the January data, is the
labor market recovering from that
pothole. Uh in line with their
expectation on the inflation front, as
we just discussed, you know, the data on
the face of it looks doubbish. There are
massive question marks around that
calculation. So I think for most Fed
officials, they'll be in again wait and
learn mode. Let's see what December
brings. Let's see what January brings. I
don't see anything here that really
pushes them into near-term action.
>> Krishna, you say most Fed officials and
and this is where it gets complicated
because this has turned into a divided
Fed. We saw that with the descents in
the last decision. I have not been able
to stop thinking about research and a
note that you put out to clients last
month where you talked about the discord
among the Fed that it risk evolving into
just a healthy discord to a crisis of
governance at the Fed. What would that
crisis actually look like Krishna and
how close are we to something of that
nature?
So I think at you know at about the
midpoint of the period between the
October meeting and the December Fed
meeting we were really in a pretty bad
place and the risk of that kind of
crisis of governance where the Fed chair
is no longer able to craft a central
view that most people will sign up to
and the Fed ends up becoming more like
the Bank of England where it's a
majority vote counting heads how many
for this policy how many for that
policy. there was clear and present
danger uh of that breaking out at the
Fed. I think in the weeks just running
up to the December meeting, Fed
officials of all kinds pulled back from
the brink some and allowed Powell to try
to craft a central view which was of
course the hawkish hike that we got in
December. Not a very hawkish hike for
sure, but the idea of combining the hike
with a pause, a timeout to wait and
learn and just one cut in the median
projection for next year. So I think at
this juncture uh we are back in a
somewhat more stable mode but the
reasons why that crisis of governance of
the Fed was threatened in the last
interim meeting cycle haven't gone away.
the deep divisions over the economic
outlook, the political pressures on the
Fed that are polarizing people as they
worry about independence and others move
to align with uh policy objectives
coming out of the administration perhaps
out of sincere conviction themselves and
the looming POW endgame. They're all
there. And so I think the real question
is as we get closer to the Powell
endgame and the new chair is seated
perhaps ahead of taking over as Powell's
replacement, what happens then? Do we
see that that that what we saw in the
run-up to December turns out to be just
the tremor that suggests the earthquake
ahead or can the next chair keep things
together in the way that Powell has been
able to in the end at this juncture? If
what distinguishes whether a chair can
do that or not Krishna just looking at
the candidates going forward which
candidates would you be most worried
about unable to keep that kind of
consensus building happening and
preventing any sort of crisis or
governance and then if you do get that
crisis of governance just what does it
mean for this allimportant body of
policy decisionmaking not just here in
the US but really globally
>> so really in order to be able to
continue in the chairled central
consensus building way of making
monetary policy that has defined the Fed
for at least 30ome years. The chair
needs to have the trust of the
committee. The chair needs to be
credible with the committee and that
means of course above all following a
technocratic
uh data and analysis-based approach to
monetary policy rather than appearing to
follow a political direction or a set of
priors that aren't well supported by the
data. Now obviously you know the market
knows some of the potential candidates
better than others but I think whoever
it is given the unique circumstances
that we are in now with President Trump
putting a lot of pressure on the central
bank do what he thinks is right to cut
rates faster and deeper the new chair
will have to show to the rest of the
committee that he's willing to make
policy in a technocratic way that will
really determine whether there is then
enough goodwill among the others to give
the chair some slack and to follow the
chair within reasonable tram lines.
>> Krishna Guha of Evercore, thank you so
much for being with us and we look
forward to having you on again at next
year as we look toward that Fed debate,
that Fed race. To me, that really is
going to be the key question. How much
does that reshape some of the Fed
expectations for the entire market?
>> And it was just interesting to listen to
Krishna saying that the reason we didn't
get to that brink of crisis of
governance is because of chair Powell.
It's because it was a committee that
wanted to be able to rally around him as
he delivered that cut, be it, you know,
a hawkish cut or whatever it is. So,
what happens when you don't have that?
Are we going to see hawks dig in their
heels to try to prevent a Trump takeover
or political influence and you get even
more divide from the Fed?
>> The next episode of The Bachelor out
next week. Coming up next, Anastasia
Amaroso of Partners Group, Jennifer
Lawless of the University of Virginia,
Amita Sed of Energy Aspects and Osan
Kuan of Wells Fargo as we look ahead to
what some are calling is going to be a
volatile 2026 from New York. This is
Bloomberg Surveillance. Good morning.
It's been narrow both in the economy and
the markets. It's almost like the stock
market is like the tail that's wagging
the dog of the economy.
>> We are expecting that for 2026,
inflation is going to be somewhat
elevated.
>> We've talked a lot about the K-shaped
economy, but who's been dealing with
inflation since 2021? It's been the
lower end of the K.
>> The macro environment is unusually
uncertain.
>> This is Bloomberg Surveillance with
Jonathan Pharaoh, Lisa Abramowitz, and
An Marie Hordern.
>> Good morning. Welcome back to Bloomberg
Surveillance. Stocks trying to get into
the holiday spirit with futures building
on yesterday's rally. Investors pouring
into equities to end the year ahead of
what some will say is going to be a
volatile 2026 as you just heard there.
And the Bank of Japan's rate hike
sending rates higher despite doubbish
hopes for the Federal Reserve. To me,
Danny Burgerer, this is the question of
the day. How much is the US market at
the behest of global rates which are
inflecting away from some of the hopes
and dreams that we're hearing from the
central bank? Because again, it goes in
contrast to not just what the US central
bank wants, but what this White House
wants, too. They've been squarely
focused since day one on what's
happening to yields. So, should
President Trump get his wish that he
gets a chair, a Fed of the chair coming
in who's going to move rates much lower.
What happens if that's not enough
because of what's happening globally?
>> Yeah. And there has been this shift
where an increasing number of investors
and frankly strategists who come on this
show talk about the bull case for stocks
and the lack of clarity around bonds.
We've heard that time and time again. We
see that again this morning in early
trading. We saw that in the flows
overnight with some huge flows into
equity funds and at the same time bond
funds getting kind of tepid reception as
people think about what this global
trend actually looks like. It just feels
awkward and I think that's why it's so
uncomfortable even as we get investors
both institution and retail happy to
pour money into this market because on
one hand you have bond yields moving
higher which historically has been bad
for stocks. I guess not at the moment.
And then you continue to talk,
especially at the end of the year, of
just the pain in some parts of this
economy, how the consumer is not doing
well, that the job market is slowing,
but oh, stocks nearing a record high,
too. Something about it feels
uncomfortable. But even so, all the
bullish projections are piling up for
2026, as high as 8,000 for year end.
>> Well, maybe you just need to look at the
data. And we got data. Yay. And then you
people looked at the data and said,
"Actually, maybe we can't count on this
in any way, shape, or form. It's sort of
adding to this uh cloud of mystery." It
seems like people are continuing with
this feeling that the Fed could cut
rates early next year despite the fact
that they also are throwing a whole lot
of shade. A lot of skepticism what we
got yesterday.
>> One of my favorite turns in the
discourse and I I have to say I was
among these people who were like why
wouldn't the Fed just delay their
decision, delay it by a couple weeks,
get the data in hand, and then they'll
have the certainty to move. Oops. Looks
like if you had done it, it still would
have been the same thing. It's foggy. We
don't know what's happening. It's
distorted. It's confusing. Here we are.
same place as we were before the data.
>> Well, confusing maybe for the bond
space, for the equity space, trying to
inflect up after what we saw yesterday,
a rally for the first time in five
trading sessions. Building on that this
morning, although coming off some of the
earlier enthusiasm, up just about 210 of
a percent on the S&P, seeing that Euro
dollar cross at that 117 level, yields
higher across the board. In the United
States, tenure yields are higher by less
than what you're seeing over in Germany
and Japan. Nonetheless, up by about
three basis points to 4.15%.
Coming up this hour, Anastasia Amaroso
of Partners Group as investors derisk
from big tech. Jennifer Lawless of the
University of Virginia as President
Trump's affordability pitch appears to
fall flat and Osan Kuan of Wells Fargo
as doubts grow over US inflation data.
We begin this hour with stocks slightly
higher as Wall Street looks to end the
week with a win. Anastasia Anastasia
Amaroso of Partners Group writing, "We
don't believe investors should give up
on AI into 2026. The current pullback
may present opportunity." Anastasia
joins us more. Anastasia, great to see
you.
>> Very much the holiday spirit. I see.
Yes, I brought the holiday spirit.
>> I think it's great. So, coming up, it
does feel like people over the past
couple of days at least have come back
to this idea. Maybe the selloff's a good
thing. It highlights skepticism. It
highlights a better entry value. How
where are you on that? What have we seen
over the past couple of weeks that gives
you more confidence?
>> Right. Well, first of all, as you were
saying, maybe the volatility is normal
as we get higher and higher at market
altitude, so to speak. So maybe that is
what we should be accustomed to seeing
in 2026. In investors scrutinize things
more, investors question things more. So
maybe that is to your point a healthy
development. I do think it's nice to see
the AI trade pull back by five or seven
percentage points over the last um you
know couple of weeks. Having said that,
as I look at, you know, what's really
driving the AI trade, it is demand, the
adoption, it is productivity, and it is
monetization. And when I look at all
three of those categories, I see
positive developments there. First of
all, let's talk about adoption. You
know, around this table, I'm sure you're
using more AI now versus what you did at
the beginning of the year. And if you
look at kind of the adult population in
the United States, 55% is the percentage
that use artificial intelligence today.
That was about 45% to start the year. We
went from a 10% adoption rate
economywide to about a 17%. So we are
moving up that adoption curve which is
great. The second thing Lisa that I
looked at the other day was the
productivity increases coming into the
year. We were sort of hoping expecting
to see the productivity gains due to
artificial intelligence. And when I look
back at the last call it three years you
have actually seen measurable
productivity gains. productivity has
been average about 2% yearover-year
growth versus 10 versus 1% that we saw
in kind of the decade you know after the
financial crisis. So these are not just
wishes these are tangible productivity
gains we hear that from companies we see
that in our portfolio companies as well
and then the last point it's all about
the modernization and there too whether
you look at cloud revenues whether you
look at some of the AI LLMs the likes of
open AI their revenues are surging and I
think that trend can continue into 2026
so with all of that the AI trade is
priced better today so I would step in
here for 2026
>> the AI trade in pockets Right? I mean,
are there areas that are the winners and
areas that are the big losers as you do
see a consolidation of profitability in
a select number of cohorts, right? I
mean, at what point is the gain of some
players the pain of everybody else? And
I point to Micron yesterday doing really
well because guess what? They can charge
a whole lot more for their chips,
>> right? No, that is a really good point.
It's not going to be just everybody's a
winner. You know, it's not the tie that
lifts all the boats. And that's what we
think about in our investment
committees. we think about whether a
company is going to be disrupted by
artificial intelligence or is actually
going to be helped by artificial
intelligence because they're quick
enough to embed it. So that's one way to
think about it. The other way I would
say Lisa we should actually draw the
distinction between no I don't think AI
is a bubble but are there signs of
bubble-l like valuations in certain
parts of the ecosystem absolutely I mean
if you look at for example the latest
stage venture valuations for AI
companies versus nonAI companies they're
are trading at a premium of something
like 250%. You know it's not the case
for earlier stage but it is the case for
later stage. So I think you have to have
a question mark around those valuations.
Um but you know we are finding I think
winners in artificial intelligence I
would say in several different
categories. The first one is
infrastructure and the shift is now
really sort of yes we've done data
centers for the last 5 years but it's
really more of a focus on energy because
you know that's the bottleneck. You know
we also think about investing in AI
companies that have proprietary data.
They have vertical expertise and they
can leverage that. That's where we think
gives them the competitive moat and the
best chance to embed artificial
intelligence and kind of you know invent
AI powered services. And then the last
thing is across our portfolio companies
we also have a concerted effort to boost
productivity, drive revenue growth and
also enterprise value creation by
infusing AI. So that's where we identify
the winners. But you're right, you know,
there's going to be lots of disruption,
lots of companies to avoid as well.
>> How much of the avoidance doesn't just
have to do with are you producing
revenue? Are you being disrupted by it?
And maybe there is promise there, but
debt loads are getting unmanageable. I
mean, Oracle has been the poster child
for this where their spending increases
11fold and their cash growth has turned
into an outright cash burn. Even you can
pick into any company, but even if the
promise is big to you, do debt piles
like that and cash burn make it enough
to make that kind of company no longer
attractive?
>> I mean, look, once again, I think
investors should look at Oracle and the
likes and scrutinize anybody who is
quickly taking on debt and maybe not
scaling revenues quickly enough. So I I
do think that's a healthy development.
But when I think about let's say the
rest of the hyperscalers, they don't
have the issue that the market is sort
of punishing Oracle for. They have
plenty of free cash flow. They have
plenty of cash on the sidelines to
finance the the data center spend. So
and the other thing I would point out
Danny, you know, going into 2026, I
certainly would not give up on all the
hyperscalers because what you actually
see is their earnings trajectory keeps
on accelerating towards the tail end of
2026. And we talk about this gap
narrowing between the Mac 7 versus the
493, but that gap is actually going to
widen out once again uh for most of the
Mac 7, perhaps not the specific,
>> but even for the hyperscalers and
specifically the LLMs, the the Google's
Open AI, why isn't it just a Google
being the ultimate winner? Because they
have the ability with their balance
sheet to not charge for their AI models.
Why not just run open AI into the ground
with the inability of them being able to
produce revenue of Google just offering
it for free and then once they're gone
then maybe they can turn around become a
monopoly. Why why isn't that the future
road that this might go down?
>> Well, you bring up a couple of good
points. You know Google first of all has
been investing in artificial
intelligence and working on development
developing artificial intelligence for
years you know prior to open AI. So
Google by all means should be one of the
winners of this AI trend. But the other
point I would say is you know whether
it's Google whether it's open AI whether
it's another platform it is about that
it is about the platforms you know I
remember you know talking about
artificial intelligence back in 2019 and
the biggest winners were always going to
be the providers of the picks and
shovels of AI and a lot of these LLM
models and who is that going to be those
who have the massive treasure troves of
data and so it's the likes of Google uh
and Meta and others so I'm not surprised
to see you know perhaps Google kind of
be in the lead once again as I think
they kind of were back in 2019.
>> And Anastasia, there is a big discussion
around if there is risk building. And
yes, sure, there will is risk building,
but the question is where? Most people
have pointed to private markets as a
place of potential risk. I know you're
focused on financing companies and
financing infrastructure projects
through the private markets. How much
risk do you really see building heading
into 2026?
>> Right. Well, if you take a step back, a
step back, Lisa, if you think about the
sheer growth of private credit, for
example, it went from being a $600
billion asset class to a $ 1.7 trillion
asset class. So, by the sheer kind of
virtue of growth that we've seen,
there's going to be more and more risks.
And I think that's what we've seen is
some of these idiosyncratic headlines
are representative of the growth of the
asset class. But when I think about it
from the interest coverage ratio
perspective, for example, yes, it is,
you know, dipped from where it was
pre-2022, but it's actually dropped and
is starting to improve. So the Fed, the
fact that the Fed has cut interest rates
actually alleviates, I would say, some
of the pressure on private credit. You
know, I I think what you have to look
out for is, you know, there's been lots
of money raised in private credit. that
money had to be deployed quickly and you
know for in some cases it was deployed
in large chunks of of capital. So was it
always appropriately deployed? Was it
always properly covenant covenanted for
everybody? I don't know. But for us if
we look across our private credit
platform and the US side and the
European side on average I would say 90%
of the loans that we've done have a
covenant attached to them. So, I can't
speak for the industry as a whole, but I
think, you know, if you had the prudent
underwriting standards, despite the
growth in the industry, we're in a good
place today.
>> Anastasia, great to see you. Have a
wonderful holiday season. Anastasia
Amaroso of Partners Group here in studio
right now. Let's get you an update on
stories elsewhere this morning. Here is
your Bloomer Brief with Yahira on it and
Jihara.
>> Hi, Lisa. EU leaders have agreed on a
more than 105 billion loan package to
Ukraine for the next two years. The
interest free loan will help the country
finance its military and economic needs
amid its ongoing ongoing war with
Russia. The loan came together after
European leaders failed to agree on a
plan to use frozen Russian assets to
raise the funds. Meanwhile, the Justice
Department has until today to release
its files on Jeffrey Epstein. President
Trump signed a bill last month giving
the agency 30 days to release most of
its files related to the late convicted
sex offender. The records could show
federal investigations into Epstein's
sexual abuse and whether any of his
associates knew about it or
participated.
And several drug makers are expected to
announce agreements with the Trump
administration to cut some drug prices.
That's according to Reuters. Abel Meyer
Squib Merc and more are expected to
announce a prescription price agreement.
This is President Trump ramped up
pressure on drug makers as he makes his
affordability push. That's your
Bloomberg brief. Lisa,
>> thank you so much. Yahara, up next to
what Yahara was just talking about, the
fight for affordability.
>> We inherited a mess. Uh, and part of
what we inherited was the worst
inflation in 48 years. And now we're
bringing those prices down, but I'll be
talking about that.
>> Jennifer Lawless of the University of
Virginia joins us next as President
Trump continues his push to get his
message through. From New York City,
this is Bloomberg Surveillance.
Coming into Friday with a bit of a
better tone. We are seeing futures
higher pretty much across the board as
people reassess some of their fears
around AI. AI has been leading this
morning as people pile money back into
the trade. S&P futures higher by 210 of
a percent. Watching global yields. Watch
this space. You're seeing a two-year uh
two basis point increase on the 10-year
yield to 4.15% rounded up led by the
Bank of Japan, led by what we're seeing
in the Euro region with yields squarely
higher uh across the world. Meanwhile, a
real question here about the Bank of
Japan around some of the other central
banks if they're done with the easing
cycle. I mean, this to me really is the
question. how much the Federal Reserve
continues to diverge. I mean, they can
attempt to. And how much is the bond
market going to allow them to? And how
much does it send a global signal that
central banks are saying that inflation
is still a problem? If you get a US
central bank that is cutting, what if
this is a bond market that doesn't just
price in what's happening globally, but
a fear of inflation and maybe a fear
that the central bank, we're talking
with Krishna Guha of Evercore ISI, a
fear that there would be some breakdown
in the consensus building activity of
the Fed. There are multiple things that
could pressure yields higher and undo
any central bank or any government
that's attempting to ease conditions.
The two would fight against each other.
>> Inflation still very much in people's
psyches which is the reason why there is
this real dissonance in polls where
people feel like affordability prices
are out of their control under
surveillance this morning. The fight for
affordability.
>> We've had tremendous success. We're
bringing prices down. We inherited a
mess. Uh, and part of what we inherited
was the worst inflation in 48 years. I
say history, but uh, we had the worst
inflation. It drove prices up and now
we're bringing those prices down, but
I'll be talking about that.
>> Here's the latest. President Trump
heading to North Carolina today as the
administration looks to reassure
Americans about the rising cost of
living. Bloomberg's Tyler Kendall joins
us now. Tyler, thank you so much for
being back with us. I'd love your
thoughts on how he could develop on some
of the initiatives that he laid out
earlier this week uh in terms of trying
to alleviate some of consumer's
concerns.
>> Yeah. Hey Lisa, good morning. Well, this
is expected to be part of a series of
domestic stops for President Trump. So,
we can probably expect his rhetoric to
develop as this continues. It's all
designed, of course, to try to tamp down
on concerns around the White House's
economic policies after a week where we
saw them try to change the narrative
amid, of course, falling polling
numbers. In fact, I was going to mention
how we just had the head of Ipsos
polling on balance of power who told us
that President Trump's support among US
adults has now sagged to 39% and that
support is eroding among Republicans.
Now, President Trump himself tried to
use his prime time speech uh earlier
this week to reassure Americans on the
economy, but he also used it to say that
his policies haven't fully kicked in
yet, right? He spoke about tax cuts
under the one big beautiful bill. He
spoke about drug pricing coming into
effect in the new year, and he spoke
about what policy may look like under a
new Fed chair he's weighing announcing,
of course, in the coming weeks. But
there's other ideas that he's floated
that we know might not be as tangible,
right? the idea for tariff revenue
rebate checks that will need
congressional approval. But after weeks
of really focusing on foreign policy, in
the last 24 hours alone, we have seen a
slew of domestic policy announcements.
Everything from the service uh members
getting checks to uh wins for the
cannabis industry to even declaring the
days around Christmas a federal holiday
this week. Uh there's just a lot being
thrown out there at the moment and the
White House is trying to see what may be
able to stick and may be able to garner
that support. Lisa, I will put one other
thing quickly on your radar for tonight.
This event is happening in the newly
redrawn first congressional district in
North Carolina. This is a seat that has
predominantly been held by Democrats for
decades, but it now looks more likely to
go to Republicans in the midterms.
>> Tyler Kendall, thank you so much for
that. Jennifer Lawless, professor of
politics and public policy at the
University of Virginia, writing, "Trump
is trying to blame Biden, but this is
now the Trump economy, so the message
might not resonate the same way it did
last year at this time." Jennifer joins
us now. Jennifer, great to see you.
Thank you for being with us. I want to
start with a question of how much the
message that President Trump is trying
to get out there in a series of speeches
is resonating so far in early polling.
>> Good morning. It doesn't seem like it's
resonating. And frankly, we've seen this
script before. Basically, the American
people are willing to believe what is
fed to them if there's some indication
that that's what they're experiencing.
And people are still experiencing high
prices. They're experiencing
unemployment. They're experiencing an
economy that seems stuck. And so, Donald
Trump saying that that's just not the
case or that they need to be patient or
that the fruits of his policies haven't
kicked in yet is not what the American
people want to hear. and the polling
numbers reflect that.
>> Jennifer, what difference does it make
if Trump is able to get some of the
policy through that he intends to to
help with affordability, whether it be a
checks to military families or a $2,000
tariff rebate? And we have seen him
start to try to lower tariffs on various
food goods via Brazil. Will any of that
resonate with an American voter heading
into the midterms?
>> It will if that voter can actually feel
it in his or her pocket. When people
vote, especially in a midterm election,
they're often reflecting on whether they
feel better now than they did two years
ago. And Donald Trump made a lot of
promises about the economy. People were
very dissatisfied with the Biden
economy. Donald Trump blamed Biden and
said that he could fix it and that he
could fix it quickly. So, people will
look back to those promises. They'll
look back to the beginning of the Trump
administration and determine whether
they think there's been enough progress.
Keep in mind too though that although he
has made promises about housing
affordability, he's made promises about
checks to military members, it's
important too that he is letting the
Obamacare subsidies expire. And as a
result, starting January 1st, there are
going to be more than 20 million people
who see their healthcare premiums go up
if they can afford insurance at all. So
he's not talking about the negative
policy implications. And I'm not sure
that even if the positive policies go
into effect, it's enough to mitigate
some of the negatives. Does it just in
general though create policy volatility,
Jennifer? We saw an incredible amount of
that in the first half of this year,
especially after liberation day where
markets and other commentators spooked
the president to pull back from some of
the most harsh of tariffs. Should we
expect more of that type of volatility
in 2026 as he faces pressure from the
American public, especially on the heels
of more recent local elections?
>> I think so. And there's even a chance
that we'll see more volatility because
if we look at what happened in New
Jersey and Virginia and we see the way
in which the affordability message
really did benefit the Democrats, the
Republicans are going to kick into high
gear to try and counter it. And we've
seen over the course of the last 10
months that when Donald Trump kicks into
high gear to counter that, he often goes
one step forward and two steps back. And
that's not good for the markets. It's
also not enough to actually make the
American people feel any differently
about the economy.
>> Jennifer, there's a lot of overlap
between what President Trump is looking
to do and frankly what a lot of
Democratic uh Congress members are also
looking to do. It seems like whenever
there is dissatisfaction, there is a
question of what fiscal impulse we can
lean on to alleviate some of those
concerns. How much does this increase
the chance of any kind of fiscal
spending next year given the fact that
that seems to be the solution for both
sides of the aisle?
So, if it was not an election year, I
would say that there is a small chance
that there would be compromise, but it
is an election year. So, neither side
has any incentive whatsoever, despite
the fact that they're supposed to
represent the American people, to come
together. The Democrats want to make
sure that all of Trump's policies fail
and that he is saddled with the economy.
And Donald Trump and the Republicans
want to make sure that the Democrats are
seen as obstructionists and that the
American people are still blaming Joe
Biden for this economy. So the idea that
the two parties will come together and
try and arrive at some sort of agreement
that could ultimately help everybody
frankly is too unpredictable in terms of
its political implications. So I think
it's probably a non-starter. Jennifer
Lawless at the University of Virginia,
thank you so much for being with us uh
this morning as we look ahead to that
speech. We also are going to be speaking
with coming up in less than an hour.
Jameson Greer, the US trade
representative under President Trump,
who has been negotiating a lot of the
trade deals that President Trump has
been touting as evening the playing
field globally. It raises this issue of
how much uh some of the efforts in 2026
are hampered by cost of living concerns
in the United States. We've already seen
a number of different tariffs walked
back on uh trying to alleviate price
concerns.
>> Yeah. And it was especially ones that
directly hit the consumer. So things
like you'd find in your grocery store,
coffee coming from Brazil. And it was
noticeable when that shift happened. It
was after the elections after, as we
were just talking about with Jennifer,
the Virginia, the New Jersey
gubanatorial races, you really saw a
change from this administration. And I'm
curious to know whether trade
representative Jameson Greer has also
gotten that directive. If that colors
and how much it colors some of these
negotiations going on where the White
House is builded as matters of national
security, maybe there's something more
important and that is their political
future in 2026 with affordability being
front and center.
>> Yeah. And how much is that revenue going
to go to paying for all of these
initiatives that we keep hearing about
because it's going to take a lot of
money. At the same time, we are seeing
globally a sense that fiscal is starting
to come into play. I mean, we're seeing
that in Japan uh with SA Tanaka. We're
also seeing that with respect to Europe,
with respect to not only the financing
of Ukraine, but also Germany and here in
the United States. A real question of
how much this is going to be really the
story next year.
>> Yeah. Is it going to be fiscal
dominance? Maybe not even here, but just
globally also as debts build across the
world.
>> Right now, coming up, we're going to be
talking about the energy side of this.
I'm Marita Sun of Energy Aspects as
Chevron continues loading Venezuelan oil
amid growing tensions in that region.
Plus, you hire Anand with your morning
movers. Nike plunging after their
earnings announcement. This is
Bloomberg.
Getting ready for the holiday week
ahead. We are seeing a bit of a lift
across the board in futures. Right now,
two tens of percent gain on the S&P.
Take a look at what's going on with the
Japanese yen. A weakening trend. 15730
after the Bank of Japan hiked rates the
highest levels going back to 1995. When
you bleed that decision through to the
bond space, you have yields at the
highest levels going back to 1999 with
the 10-year in Japan at 2.02. Why is the
yen weakening? Danny, we've been talking
about this. Why is the yen weakening?
Because people were looking for more
guidance about how much they were going
to hike rates going forward.
>> Yeah, but the BOJ never gives that much
guidance. So maybe it was just it was
all already priced in really hoping to
get more. But what we did get from the
BOJ, if you wanted to, you could
definitely read it as hawkish saying
that they're still a far way from the
neutral rate that they want to climb up
to get there. That should conditions be
met, that they're going to continue to
hike. And oh, by the way, they said it
looks likely that conditions are going
to be met. But to your point, I guess
the bar was just extremely high. They
wanted something very, very clearly
hawkish when it came to guidance. And
markets were left feeling disappointed.
Meanwhile, markets on the bond space got
the message loud and clear. Yields
infllected higher across the board,
including in the United States on the
long end. Two hours away from the cash
open. Here are your morning movers with
Yahira on Antihira. Hi, Lisa. The
turnaround story at Nike shows signs of
stalling causing shares to drop now more
than 11% in the pre-market. The company
warning sales will drop in uh this
quarter due to two major drags, its
China sales and its Converse brand. And
we're seeing that spill into the broader
footwear sector with Deckers also down
nearly 3% in the pre-market. This is the
company behind the sneaker brand Hoka uh
and UGG. Meanwhile, we are seeing Oracle
shares jumping in the pre-market, up
more than 4%. Now, Honor reporting that
it will be part of an American
consortium of investors set to take over
US operations. Oracle would gain 15%
ownership in a deal that analysts say
would solidify Tik Tok as a as a as a
major cloud uh cloud customer for
Oracle. The the the development is
according to an internal memo seen by
Bloomberg with the deal expected to
close on January 22nd. And we end on
Lyft. Those shares not getting a lift.
They are down 3 and 3/4% after Wedbush
downgraded the stock. with the analyst
saying that Lyft is at most risk among
the rid share companies of autonomous uh
vehicles, saying it could sharply
disrupt Lyft's business and could hurt
its long-term value. Lisa, thank you so
much, Yhierra. On our radar this
morning, OpenAI reportedly aiming to
raise as much as hundred billion in its
latest round of funding. According to
the Wall Street Journal, this could
bring the value of the company to as
much as $830 billion. I just wonder if
he'll stop before a trillion or is he
going to wait until he gets to that
trillion dollar valuation before he goes
public?
>> Well, maybe you need to stay in the
private markets in order to get that $1
trillion valuation. So, maybe that's
what he has to do. I mean, the growth
has been crazy. What was it? $500
billion was what they were valued at
this fall in their most recent fund
raise. According to different reports,
yesterday the figure was 750. Now, we're
at 830. In order to get that 66%
increase in valuation, what has to have
changed for this company? presumably the
today here and now not too much has
changed in terms of their revenue indeed
as they get challenged from Google. It's
that promise that's being priced in and
how real will that promise be especially
as they're getting more rivalry and more
competition from Google who has the
ability to offer up a model for free and
maybe pressure Open AI and bleed them
drive cash until it's just Google and
Gemini left.
>> Honestly, despite all the skepticism,
the fact that they're able to continue
lifting their valuation speaks to maybe
the lack of broader skepticism overall.
maybe a little bit in the past couple of
weeks, but overall still a lot of
enthusiasm here.
>> It's like this thing we keep going from
like, oh no, everything's over. AI in
the world's collapsing to like, oh yeah,
we're back. This is great. The promise
is here. The dream is real.
>> It sounds like the uh ship chip
shipments from the United States to
China. And the story that's been going
on there. Reuters reporting that the
Trump administration is launching a
review that may result in the first
shipments of Nvidia's H200 chips being
sent to China. The president saying
earlier this month he would allow the
chip sales to China in exchange for a
25% sir charge. We are seeing Nvidia
shares up more than 1% and we are going
to be speaking in about 45 minutes with
JD Greer who is the US trade
representative about what this means for
the relationship between these two trade
partners. Meanwhile, Nike shares as Yah
was talking about falling as the company
warns of declining sales this quarter
brought on by weakness in China and its
Converse brand. the company expecting
revenue to be down in the low single
digits despite progress in North America
at at the running category. Initially
when this came out, people were excited
and then they looked more closely at
some of the commentary about the path
ahead and how they're only halfway
through this transition period.
especially when it comes to China. And I
just wonder how much of this is about a
local market of them not being able to
innovate to appeal to a Chinese audience
versus a Chinese consumer that wants
more homegrown products that wants to
buy locally produced athletic things.
And it kind of relates to even FedEx
earnings where for them the source spot
was also shipments between the US and
China. It is the bleedth through of the
tensions between the two nations and of
tariffs. Is there a real hit? is Peter
Shear started 2025 talking about Academy
Securities that were about to witness a
hit to brand America. Is that what's
happening to Nike or can you just say
it's simply they're not innovating
enough?
>> Yeah. How much is it just that they've
got a lot of inventory that they've got
to sell at a huge discount? But yes,
this is part of the issue. Meanwhile,
turning to commodities, Chevron
preparing to export a million barrels of
crude from Venezuela only days after
President Donald Trump accused the
country of using oil proceeds to fund
terrorism. Blueberg's Will Kennedy joins
us now. Now will please give us some
clarity. What is going on in Venezuela
with oil exports and the US involvement?
Who owns what land? Is this the US
reclaiming what was taken from them?
>> Well, with the tanker curbs, what this
makes clear and and what they said at
the time is that the restrictions are on
sanctioned oil tankers. Uh those tankers
which on which uh the US has placed uh
curves for being part of the so-called
shadow fleet. There are some exports
which will not be taken on sanctioned
tankers and those include exports from
Chevron which is under license from the
US to be able to continue operating in
Venezuela. You you spoke uh to the
Chevron CEO a couple of weeks ago and he
made clear that they are in Venezuela
for the long haul. No matter who's
running the country, they see it as a
key strategic asset for them. So the oil
will continue to flow as long as uh
that's possible. And you know, Chevron
says they're abiding by all the rules
and regulations. What the Trump
administration done has placed
restrictions on tankers that are
sanctioned, which I think is about 40%
of those ships that are exporting um US
crude. It's known not so much as a
embargo or a blockade, but as a partial
naval quarantine, I think is the is the
phrase. So, it does all fit together
when you pick apart the uh the policy
that um the Trump administration has put
on Venezuelan exports. Will, how much is
this a model for what we could see from
Europe with respect to Russia? The idea
that you can enforce sanctions more
significantly in uh, you know,
international waters. Is that something
that you expect to be repeated
elsewhere?
>> I think it's probably quite unique to
Venezuela. Obviously, it's backed up by
this huge buildup of US naval uh,
resources in the Caribbean, unlike
anything that uh, I think has been seen
in modern history. you've got the
biggest US aircraft carrier, the Gerald
Ford, uh, in the region. So, the the US
is backing this up with serious uh,
military uh, firepower. Um, I think
that's much harder to do in the case of
Russia. The people are inter intervening
militarily. The case of Russia, of
course, right now is Ukraine, which are
doing it in a very dramatic way by
targeting ships carrying Russian oil
exports out of out of Russia directly
and trying to blow them up. And I think
we've seen today perhaps that happening
according to some reports in the
Mediterranean as well as the Black Sea.
We've seen something happen of West
Africa, but I think Europe will continue
to impose its sanctions uh financially.
And I think what you've seen is how hard
that is and how the shadow fleet finds
way to operating by going dark by using
transfers from one ship to the other
that these financial sections they
impose costs on the Russians but they do
not stop the flow of oil. It is very
hard to stop the flow of oil. There are
always techniques ways that traders can
find to try and go around them.
>> Will Kennedy of Bloomberg, thank you so
much for being with us. Now joining us,
Amita Sen of Energy Aspects, who wrote,
"While we believe these flows should be
exempt from the US blockade, it is
possible Venezuelan authorities may not
allow them to continue." Amita joins us
now. And Amita, you rais a great point,
this question of what is the reception
in Venezuela of some of the US's moves?
Are they still going to leave US
exporters alone during this time?
>> I think that's the million-dollar
question, honestly. And I think that's
why you've seen some of the price
reactions in the physical market. Uh US
GF coast uh like Mars for instance were
the crude kind of medium s crude that
trades in the US Gulf Coast that rallied
quite a bit. Uh it's just in
anticipation we think from the refiners
to suggest that potentially that exh
sorry that chevrons flow that comes to
the Gulf Coast may not be allowed to
continue in which case they would seek
alternative spot barrels and therefore
you know you they'd go for something
like a Mars. Um, like I said in the
note, right, it's not that that's our
base case. We do think that Chevron's
flows are exempt and can continue, but
if Venezuelan authorities u choose to
kind of escalate this and you know,
they've already kind of shown a few
signs um escorting some petroleum
products from their ports via their own
um kind of navy. Uh I think that's
really the risk over here right now.
>> Maybe that risk is listen lessened by
the fact that this is a global oil
market that is sufficiently loose
Amriita. But could anything change in
Venezuela given the trajectory we're on?
Even if Chevron uh assets are impacted,
could it have a larger impact on energy
markets?
>> Look, Chevron's volumes that they export
are about 140,000 barrels per day. So,
by itself, no, because like you say,
they we are still looking at a a
surplus. If you're talking about let's
say half a million barrels per day, not
even the full a million plus that they
are producing right now, just half a
million barrels per day of exports being
disrupted over time that will have an
impact on global flows because the bulk
of it is going to China. Um and you know
they have built up a lot of stocks in
the short term but beyond two months
they will start to feel the pinch as
well. What I would say is that Venezuela
in conjunction by the way we still have
half of Kazakhstan's production/exports
down because of the attack uh by the
Ukrainians on the CPC uh the SPM there
which is still not back. Um and we also
have an enormous amount of Russian oil
that's building up on water over a
million barrels per day. I really do
feel that while sentiment is very
bearish and I agree that even our
balances are showing these big bills
come January when everybody reruns their
balances for December with Vens if it's
still off say 500,000 a million from
Russia a few hundred,000 from Kazakhstan
suddenly even if we build which we think
we will it may not be as big as some of
the fears are in the market some banks
are calling for 3 4 million barrels per
day which I do think is way too high and
I wonder if we just get recalibration of
expectations. Then there is just a lot
of questions just because of risks that
in lay in they said a time when the
administration is also attempting to
keep prices low and they are acutely
aware of what oil prices are doing.
Amriita
>> is there anything to be gained by this
administration especially in the short
term especially as they face midterms in
2026 from the actions that they're
taking in Venezuela.
>> Yeah. And I think that in some ways the
biggest geopolitical wild card for next
year is exactly it is this
administration right because they are
going after several of this. It's not
just Venezuela it's Russia as well but
at the same time like you say there's
midterms coming up and they're very
clear that they don't want high oil
prices. But with WTI in the 50s there is
probably room like you know WTI could
easily go up by $10 without really
making that much of a difference to
retail gasoline prices at least in the
winter. Now summer is a different story.
We do think gasoline markets will be
tight uh and that's when I think some of
these could unravel. But it there is a
period it's a window of opportunity
where uh foreign policy could tighten
oil markets and there is still enough
slack in the system which will not raise
domestic prices.
>> I'm read of energy aspects. Thank you so
much and have a wonderful uh Christmas
and New Year and holiday season. Right
now let's get you an update on stories
elsewhere this morning. Here is your
bloomer brief with Yihara Anna and
Jihara.
>> Hi Lisa. Tik Tok and Bite Dance have
signed agreements to create a US joint
venture that will be majority owned by
American investors according to an
internal memo seen by Bloomberg, Oracle,
Silverlake Management, and MGX have all
signed onto the deal. It is expected to
close on January 22nd if approved by
Chinese regulators. Oracle shares are up
4.2% in the pre-market on the news.
Meanwhile, the FedEx turnaround story is
showing signs of success. Earnings for
the shipping giant topped estimates and
the company raised the low end of its
profit outlook for the year. The
surprise boost was driven by volume and
pricing gains in the US. However, FedEx
is still working through several
challenges and expects adjusted earnings
to dip this period. And the Kennedy
Center board of trustees voted to rename
the institution the Donald J. Trump and
the John F. Kennedy Memorial Center for
the Performing Arts. It's unclear if the
board has the legal authority to change
the name of the facility with current
current laws bar additional memorials or
plaques from being installed after 1983.
Dutch Bloomberg brief. Lisa, thank you
so much. Up next, inflation uncertainty.
>> I don't think people's concerns about
inflation longer term are going away.
This could be certainly tied to the
government shutdown with inflation
coming down. It could certainly be tied
to the labor market weakening. Look, I I
think inflation is a longer term
phenomenon. Bosan Kuan of Wells Fargo
joins us next with his bullish forecast
for 2026 from New York. This is
Bloomberg Surveillance. Good morning.
Well, big tech had been in the doghouse.
Now it reverts back to being the lead.
Right now in equity futures, you do see
a bit a greater degree of outperformance
from the NASDAQ, although it is coming
off earlier highs, up about a quarter of
a percent, up now only a tenth of a
percent on the S&P. And this really is
going to be the focus into 2026. Do we
get a read over the skepticism that
people have of AI truly being able to
lead in the next year? Under
surveillance this morning, inflation
uncertainty.
>> I don't think people's concerns about
inflation longer term are going away. I
this could be certainly tied to the
government shutdown with inflation
coming down. It could certainly be tied
to the labor market weakening. Look, I I
think inflation is a longer term
phenomenon. There are still legitimate
concerns and questions about do we get
back to 2% inflation absent some sort of
economic contraction uh in 2026 which no
one is pricing in right now.
>> Here's the latest. Concerns over
inflation remaining as questions swirl
over the accuracy of the November CPI
report. The data impacted by the lengthy
government shutdown. Osang Kuan of Wells
Fargo joins us now. Now Osang has a
bullish forecast for next year in the
equity space and it comes to this
question of how much does the data even
matter if you have a federal reserve
that is biased to cut rates and a
federal government that is biased to run
this economy hot.
>> Yeah, I mean I think the setup for
equities uh into 2026 is pretty
favorable. I mean the profit cycle is
still in a long cycle. We're forecasting
14% growth uh EPS growth for profit uh
for the S&P next year followed by
another 13% in 2027. I think liquidity
which we talked quite a lot about uh
that's going to improve quite a lot in
Q1 uh with the Fed starting to expand
its balance sheet it was a lot sooner
and a lot bigger than what we had
previously forecasted and with that
we're going to see a huge uh uptick in
the liquidity environment overall and I
think that's really going to be the
bullcase for equities as we move into
>> but but but I hear people screaming at
the television screen this isn't
actually quantitative easing this is
just trying to ease the technical
backdrop for banks that are using the uh
the Fed as some sort of backs stop. So,
how does this really increase liquidity?
Is this more of a boost to liquidity
than some people are accounting for?
>> I mean, it depends on how you define QE.
Um, if QE is really about shortening
duration, then it's not a QE. Um, but if
QE is about uh boosting liquidity into
the system because the funding market
was really seeing a lot of stress. If
you look at the sulfur spread between uh
the sulfur rate versus the fat funds
rate, it blew up back in October to as
much as 35 basis points. So that was a
real stress that we saw back in October
and November in the funding market. I I
think I think that was really the main
culprit for the sell-off that we saw
over the past, you know, or or the
volatility that we saw over the past six
weeks or so. Um and looking at things
like Bitcoin, quantum stocks,
nonprofitable tech, those guys sold off
the most. And that's essentially what
happens when liquidity dries up.
Everyone's risk curve shifts to the left
and the the assets that are farthest out
the risk curves, the most speculative
assets, they they get sold the most. I
think with liquidity coming back and
potentially liquidity conditions overall
being actually good in Q1, I I think
speculation is going to pick back up. I
think I think AI is going to AI trade is
going to work uh more in the second half
of the year that we're thinking. Uh but
I think the overall equity market is
going to be pretty bullish.
>> Is that why you have the assumption that
into next year you write in your
research that inflation reaceleration is
going to be worse for equities than a
recession would be? Because a lot of
people would look at the dichotomy
between the two and say inflation coming
off the back of co equities still did
well but it's growth that's really in
earnings that's underpinning this equity
market and if we get a recession then
that would be worse.
>> Yeah. I mean, if I have to, you know,
think about the probability of recession
and inflation, I I would assign a higher
probability of an of of inflation, I'm
not too concerned concerned about
inflation either. Um, because I think
there's that AI productivity
disinflationary uh pressure that's going
to keep inflation pretty low. Um, but
there's the physical as well as monetary
policy that's coming back in to
potentially drive inflation higher. So,
if I have to choose, I'll say inflation
has a higher potential uh than
recession. But I'm not overall I'm not
too concerned about it either.
>> But inflation would be worse for
equities than a recession would be at
this point.
>> I mean, both would be bad. Um, but I
think the probability of inflation is
probably higher than probability of a
recession at this point because of
fiscal. Uh, we estimate about 80 basis
points of GDP contribution for the full
year 2026. Most of that is happening in
the first half of the year really
through the tax return. So, I think
consumption is going to pick back up.
Consumption is 70% of the economy. So,
I'm not too concerned about the economic
downturn.
>> What's the sort of uh break the glass
moment in the yield space for equities?
And I asked this as you do see
longerterm yields globally creep up on
the backs of a hawkish move from the
Bank of Japan, albeit whatever people
are thinking in the currency space, but
also this idea that the uh ECB is
getting to the end of their easing
cycle. How much do you see this sort of
line in the sand, let's say at 4 and
a.5% for the 10-year at 5% where
suddenly the bullcase just isn't there?
>> Yeah, I think I think it's going to
matter more for what works within the
equity market. Uh so we're more bullish
on the reflation cycle uh into the first
half of the year because of the fiscal
stimulus that we're going to get. Um,
but if rates climb above four and a half
percent or so, I think that's
potentially what kills the reflation
cycle and potentially back into AI. I
think closer to 5% is going to be
actually pretty bearish for equities.
>> So, in this bullish environment for
2026, the speculative stuff starts doing
well again. Is that a healthy bull
market? Is that a healthy turn in the
continuation of the gains we've seen in
equities?
>> Um, I mean, I think, you know,
the bull market bull markets typically
have a little bit of speculation at
least um especially in this AI cycle
there's there is going to be speculation
um it's new technology and I don't think
it's a bubble yet but I think there's a
potential it becomes a bubble in the
second half of the year especially you
know with the Fed continuing with this
easing cycle liquidity being more ample
um and I I don't think the AI trade is
over I mean there's quite a lot of
concerns around AI capex and because
hyperscalers the market started pushing
back on hyperscalers there's capbacks.
There's consensus view is that
hyperscalers are going to moderate its
capex and that's been basically what
what drove the semi and the AI infrastru
infrastructure selloff over the past uh
week or so and if you look at semiis
over hypers scale semiis versus
hyperscalers over the past week we have
seen a three and a half standard
deviation move meaning hyperscalers
outperform semis by three and a half
standard deviation and and that trade
has been diverging um if we start to see
hyperscalers sort of reiterating their
capex outlook. Um the funding issues
that Oracle and OpenAI are having those
concerns get those concerns ease going
forward and liquidity comes back. I
think the AI trade is going to be back
up.
>> Osan Kuang, thank you so much for being
with us. Have a wonderful end of the
year. I know you've been traveling a lot
and talking to all sorts of people about
the year ahead. Osan Kuan of Wells
Fargo. Hopefully we'll see you next
year. This really is really the
question, right? How much can the AI
trade participate and keep leading given
the skepticism and how much does it have
to given some of the valuations baked
in?
>> Yeah, there there's been a real question
over this past couple months about
whether it is too big to fail or not. I
mean, it's completely different than the
banks. It's not like you can have a run
on the bank of deposits or whatever, but
there is a scenario where the AI spend
is doing so much work in this economy.
And I think that's why the fears are
bigger this time than maybe other high
valuations in markets because we've gone
through so many periods where there are
really high valuations. But what happens
if some of that cracks and the cracks
mean that these players don't get
financing? They're punished for capex.
So they pull back on their capex. We're
obviously far from that, but it is a
real risk.
>> Yeah, maybe people are worried because
they just don't like the valuations and
they kind of want to sell off because it
kind of feels a little bit like they
want to buy in at a better valuation.
Coming up over the next hour, Alicia
Lavine of BNY Wealth, US Trade
Representative Jameson Greer on the path
ahead for tariffs next year. Ryan Wang
of HSBC and Eric Johnston of Caner
Fitzgerald from New York. You're
watching Bloomberg Surveillance.
The news flow on the AI story will
remain volatile.
>> Scale is getting to be even more
important given the investments that are
needed in AI.
>> Anyone investing solely in AI right now
is taking risks they don't need to be
taking.
>> There are some tailwinds for US
companies into next year. The earnings
engine in the United States is on.
>> In the end, the fundamentals will
dominate. This is Bloomberg Surveillance
with Jonathan Pharaoh, Lisa Abramowitz,
and An Marie Hordern.
>> Good morning. Welcome back to Bloomberg
Surveillance. Finishing up the last
trading day of the last full trading
week of 2025. Finally getting a spot of
positivity and an unusually skeptical
December. We talks building on
yesterday's rally, although fading from
the earlier gains. A renewed focus on
Tik Tok with an agreement being signed
with firms including Oracle about a
joint venture and a Bank of Japan rate
hike capping a big week of central bank
decisions with Japanese yields at the
highest levels going back to 30 years.
And it really raises this question about
how much the yield space can drive the
optimism that's trying to bleed back
into markets but kind of struggling to
do so this morning. Yeah. And you were
just talking about this with Osan Kuan
of Wells Fargo asking what is the level
at which equities care yet again about
what yields are doing? Why don't
equities care about the risk of
inflation? Why don't they care if easing
that's supposed to be happening in the
US is curtailed by what's happening
abroad? A lot of the answer would be
because we believe in the promise of AI
and even that has had its wobbles this
year. But for now, OpenAI gets another
big funding round. We had Micron
earnings that were great. So the trade's
back on.
>> Yeah. People looking for reasons to get
back invested actually flows into
equities resurging over the past week.
the second biggest ever I believe into
US equities over the past week trying to
capitalize on the sell-off because maybe
it's a better entry point seems to be
the theme for a lot of people out there
and it's remarkable because it's not
just institutions it's retails it's
across the spectrum people are still
buying equities and you pointed out
globally it's something like a record
inflows coming into stocks too so it's
not even just the US it's also been
outperformance year for international
stocks too and I think that's leading
people to say hey maybe we can repeat
this thing in 2026 of course The bite of
humble pie would be that what we thought
would happen this year is not at all
what happened. So things can change
quickly, especially with the weight of
politics in mind.
>> Maybe people are just putting on pause
some of that optimism right now in
equities. You're not seeing that gain
really lifting throughout the session as
the session grows older. Now we're
looking at S&P futures that are
unchanged. The Japanese yen weaker,
dollar stronger 15723. There wasn't
enough guidance evidently with the Bank
of Japan promising more rate hikes on
any kind of schedule. Nonetheless, the
bond market got the message. 10-year
yields climbing to the highest level
since 1999 in Japan, 2.02%.
And in the 10-year, you do see that kind
of similar move in the United States at
4.14%
up two basis points. Coming up this
hour, do not miss this. A wonderful
lineup to end the week strong. Alicia
Lavine of BNY Wealth as equities look to
shake off AI volatility. She'll be with
us for the hour. US trade representative
Jameson Greer. Do not miss that as Tik
Tok takes a step to avoid a US ban and
Ryan Wong of HSBC as investors begin to
see holes in the latest CPI data. We
begin this hour with stocks holding
steady on the final day of the last full
trading week of 2025. We are all ready
for it to be over. Alicia Lavine of BNY
Wealth is bullish heading into 2026. She
writes, "We see a nonlinear year with
enough fiscal, monetary, and earnings
support to move the S&P higher." Alicia
joins us now for more. Alicia, great to
see you. Thank you for being here.
>> Great to see you guys.
>> So, everyone's talking about optimism
for next year with a bunch of different
risks, volatility, yes. Does the
sell-off that we've seen over the past
couple of weeks give you actually more
confidence heading into 2026 about that
bullish outlook?
>> So, I think that investors have learned
that sell-offs tend to be buying
opportunities. We thought so as well,
but I I don't think we've seen the final
absorbing of volatility in markets in
the next 12 months. I I just I we do see
lots of issues out there for next year
even as we talk about you know the Fed
is in a cutting cycle, earnings are in
an up cycle, margins are in an upcycle
and of course fiscal support is in an
upcycle. So there will be lots of
supports out there for earnings and
therefore for markets but there but
it'll be a volatile year. So it what
what investors have learned over the
last 10 years is anytime you see a 15 to
20% draw down it becomes a buying
opportunity and I I think you know next
year it should we get that kind of
volatilility it'll be the same. It does
feel though that those opportunities are
rare that you get like one day of a
pretty harsh selloff and people are
saying oh we're buying the dip and it's
it's something like 1%. Would you want
to wait for those bigger sell-offs to
get into the market if you do have more
money to be put to work? Would you wait
for that moment in order to buy in?
>> So our message to clients is never time
the market because it's actually quite
impossible to do that. And actually this
year was the perfect year for that. So
we have a chart where we show clients if
you miss the 10 best days every year
over the last 25 years and basically
your returns double if if you just
stayed in the market. But this year is
actually more extraordinary because it
was so volatile. If you tried to time
the market this year and you were out
because of tariffs and you were
concerned and you were waiting for data
to help you, if you missed the 10 best
days this year, you were actually down
12% year to date versus if you just
stayed in the market, you know, covered
your eyes and sat there, you're up 16 to
17%. So that is a 29%
difference in your return trying to time
the market and feeling like something
really noxious was coming out of policy.
So we see something like that for next
year as well. Meaning don't time this.
Ultimately investors have to say what
are the fundamentals? Where are earnings
going? Where are margins going? We see
13% earnings growth next year. Therefore
if you take a 12-month view we end the
year higher but that's not without fits
and starts along the way. Can you extend
that to small caps are on I believe it's
something like an eight-month run.
They've been up a lot since 2021.
>> Small caps are now pretty close to the
return of the S&P and I think most
people wouldn't have realized that and
that was all the work was done in the
last few weeks on the small cap side. So
yes, so we have we are telling clients
that the market is overly concentrated
on concentration because the earnings
growth is actually coming from the other
493 going into 2026. And with the kind
of fiscal support that we have and the
Fed cutting cycle that's great for down
cap markets and the deregulatory agenda
and the you know the M&A that we see
happening merger Monday every every week
now um is actually quite good for down c
down that means midcap and small cap and
these indices are chock full of
cyclicals financials health care um and
industrials and that's what's been
working and we see that continuing into
next year. Don't forget these indices
really underperformed for the last three
years and marketkedly so.
>> Alicia Lavine of BNY Wealth sticking
with us for the hour. We're'll be
talking about policy, some of the uh
loosening on the fiscal side as well as
potential hiccups coming up. Right now,
let's get you an update on stories
elsewhere. Here is your blahira.
Hi, Lisa. Open AAI is seeking new
funding valuing the AI startup at up to
$830 billion. According to the Wall
Street Journal, the company is aiming to
raise as much as $100 billion by the end
of the first quarter of 2026 with
renewed scrutiny over AI investment.
Though it is unclear if OpenAI will
reach that goal. Meanwhile, several drug
makers are expected to announce
agreements with the Trump administration
to cut some drug prices. That's
according to Reuters. Abby, Bristle,
Meer, Squib, Merc, and more are expected
to announce a prescription price
agreement. this as President Trump ramps
up pressure on drug makers as he makes a
push on affordability.
And President Trump signed an executive
order giving government employees a 5day
weekend for the holidays with days off
on Christmas Eve and December 26th. Not
everyone getting extra days off though.
The New York Stock Exchange and the
NASDAQ both say they will not alter
their trading schedules on those days.
So we will be here too. Dr. Bloomberg
Reef. Lisa,
>> thank you so much. I imagine a lot of
people were saying yes, please make that
happen, right? I mean, how many people
were like, okay,
>> okay, my mind went to people who are
holding options that would have expired
then and were like, uh-oh, this isn't
good for me. I need to rethink some
things.
>> Well, up next, we're going to be taking
a shift to the international, the
morning calls, plus US trade
representative Jameson Greer as Tik Tok
takes another step to avoid a US ban.
Now, the question goes to China. Will
they sign off? This is Bloomberg
Surveillance. Good morning.
the enthusiasm fading throughout the
morning. Good morning. We are seeing uh
really a struggle to try to generate the
kind of gains we saw yesterday. Flat
essentially on S&P futures after having
been up by about 2/10en of a percent
yields higher by about two basis points
here in the United States. 4.14% on the
back of a baked pit Japan rate hike that
left people wondering about long-term
yields globally and how much that is
going to drive what happens here in the
United States. Turning two deals, Tik
Tok saying it reached binding agreements
for a new US joint venture majority
owned by American investors. The
company's CEO telling employees
agreements with Oracle, Silverlake
Management, and MGX have been signed.
Joining us now as we parse through
everything that has happened in 2025
around the trade story is the 20th US
Trade Representative Jameson Greer.
Representative Greer, I want to start on
how busy 2025 really was. Looking ahead
to 2026, do you expect the same kind of
pace uh with respect to trade deals,
with respect to trade announcements?
Well, during 2025, President Trump, the
administration has essentially reset the
global trading order uh to move from uh
you know, total liberal trade with the
United States without any cost to uh a
new fair and balanced approach. Uh we
have we've announced lots of trade
deals. We've announced lots of tariffs
as you know. Uh in the coming year, we
expect to finalize a bunch of those uh
trade deals as well. Uh you I think that
the tariff plan is is in good shape. I
think we have a lot of the tariffs we
want in place. You know, if there are
countries here and there that don't
comply with their deals or don't want to
finish a deal, then maybe we have to
have a another conversation. Uh but I
think the economy is booming,
inflation's down, wages are up. We're on
a really great track.
>> How much are you potentially at risk
should uh the Supreme Court overturn
some of the tariffs that have been
enacted under the AIPA provision? Do you
have something in place to get those
tariffs through other measures or will
there be a rethink about what will be
put on and what won't?
Well, it it would be terrible if the
Supreme Court overturned the case
because we have built a new global
trading order on the back of the of
these tariffs and the tariff system and
our trading partners have accepted it
and they've made deals and they've
accepted there's going to be some tariff
level to help protect US industry. Uh so
it would be disastrous if this was
pulled out. Um you know, all that being
said, you know, we will do whatever we
need to do to make sure that we can
maintain the tariffs we need and keep
the deals in place. Uh obviously we want
the the flexibility of the emergency
powers that Congress has given to the
president. Uh it's the most effective
way to deal with it. It's what's made
him so effective this year in
negotiating. Um but absent that, you
know, we'll work and we'll find a way uh
to make sure we can keep all these gains
we've made over the past year.
Representative Greer, there's also a
feeling right now that cost of living
concerns are coming to the four and
President Trump has talked about
removing some of tariffs on specific
goods, particularly having to do with
food uh as a way of alleviating some of
the price concerns. How does that factor
into discussions going forward? Do you
think that that will be an increasing
part of uh your uh of your thought
process as you go through some of these
trade negotiations?
Well, any good president wants to
address affordability and our president
is and over the past month we saw you
know dairy uh you know fruit and
vegetables all kinds of uh prices go
down for for basic stables uh uh
staples. So that that's a great
development. Uh going forward the
president removed some tariffs in
connection with some deals uh related to
food coming from abroad, bananas,
coffee, cocoa, the kinds of things we
just don't make in the United States.
United States is a food powerhouse. uh
when we saw inflation earlier, it's
really about housing, health care driven
by Obamacare disaster. So I I don't
think that, you know, food imports are
really going to be an issue for us. Uh
you know, the tariff program is really
about creating jobs and the president's
regulatory approach is really about
bringing prices down and bringing
affordability. Ambassador, have you had
any specific directives from the
president though as you carry out your
negotiations to make sure any tariffs
you put on from here or any ones that
you negotiate specifically are not
having an impact on affordability?
>> Uh so I you know kind of the way you put
it there a specific direction I would
say no. Uh whenever we're imposing
tariffs or doing deals the purpose of
the trade program is to reshore American
manufacturing and protect American food
security. Uh it's really about jobs uh
and increasing wages which we've seen
over the past few months. Uh when it
comes to prices, the president is
undertaking a lot of other actions. You
know, energy policy, tax policy,
regulatory, you know, gas prices are
down, etc. So, we we don't see the trade
policy really as driving prices. We see
it as driving jobs.
>> Ambassador, I'd love to go back where
Lisa started, and that is it looks more
likely that we indeed have something of
a tick- tock deal where US buyers will
take the American portion. you after
some of the negotiations in Madrid were
talking about how this deal how this
company was part and parcel of a variety
of matters when it comes to negotiation
negotiating with your Chinese
counterparts. So have you had more
discussions about this deal with Tik
Tok? Does it seem likely that China will
let it happen?
>> Uh so there are there are two layers to
the Tik Tok deal. One is the private
sector layer where the private parties
uh are concluding a deal and then
there's a layer of government approvals
between the United States and China. And
so my conversations with the Chinese
government over the past few months as
you mentioned have covered a variety of
issues. One of them has been Tik Tok uh
back at our discussions in Madrid uh we
came to an essential agreement uh that
if the private parties came to agreement
that the Chinese would approve it. So we
expect approval by the government of
China in alignment with that agreement
we reached earlier this year.
>> We're hearing about not only this deal
with respect to Tik Tok and some
investors in the US but also a review
process to sell 8200 chips into China.
And I'm just wondering stepping back if
all of these are pieces of a bigger deal
that will come to fruition in 2026
between the US and China.
I would say with the H200 uh export
control issues, those really are
standalone.
That was not a negotiated outcome. Uh in
the United States with respect to export
controls, those are not something that
are really subject to negotiation. Those
are national security and commercial
decisions made by the federal
government. So that's kind of standing
on its own. Uh with respect to the rest
of the China deal, uh right now we're
trying to make sure that rare earths
continue flowing from China. you know,
they're they've bought over 5 million
metric tons of soybeans at this point
and we're trying to keep trade flowing
uh between the two countries in a way
that makes sense.
>> Do you expect a bigger deal uh other
than just sort of steady reset kind of
uh idea that we've talked about with
respect to the US and China? Do you
expect something more comprehensive to
be outlined next year?
>> It's a little hard to say at this point.
You know, goal one is stability. Um, for
me and and everyone's heard me say this
before, I just we we need trade with
China to be much more balanced. Uh, our
trade deficit with China has decreased
by 25% this year alone under President
Trump's policy. So, that's going the
right direction. I can foresee a
situation in the first half of next year
where we come to some kind of agreement
with China on exactly what we should be
trading with each other and and even in
what volumes. Uh, it's it's a little bit
of managed trade. Uh, but it's the kind
of thing that can be healthy and stable,
you know, given the way the Chinese
government runs its economy. it just
doesn't mesh very well with the way we
want to run our economy. That just means
we have to manage it a little bit more
and I think there's a possibility of
that. I'm not sure I'd call it
comprehensive, but I'd call it
confidence building.
>> Ambassador, I I think a lot of the
confusion for many people comes around
national security. One of the points
that you mentioned just a moment ago,
especially things with H200 chips,
giving chips to China was seen an issue
of national security. even giving F-35s
to Saudi Arabia. What does that mean for
national security? Because critics would
say that it means that national security
is up for sale. What would you say to
those critics?
>> So, so with respect to the F-35s, that's
that's not my I used to be in the Air
Force, but it's not my uh it's not my
wheelhouse. Uh on the H200s and export
controls generally, export controls have
always been fluid. They've never been
static. The very nature of export
controls is that the US government is
constantly reviewing the state of
technology uh and assessing what
technologies can be sold and which ones
can't and balancing national security
and assessing whether or not there's
foreign ability uh availability.
Everyone knows that uh the Chinese are
quickly also trying to develop their own
AI chips uh semiconductor tools to make
those chips etc. It it's a race. uh all
of those H200 approvals still have to go
through the commerce department uh to
make sure that any licenses that are
granted uh really respect US national
security and make sure that it's not
violated and there can be conditions on
licenses etc to make sure they go to end
users and end uses that don't jeopardize
US national security
>> is it fair to say then ambassador that
even if this does go through the kind of
cases where this is allowed where it's
approved will still be quite limited in
scope
>> so it it's hard to say at this point
that these types of license applications
are typically case by case and reviewed.
So, you know, we'll see. The the way
it's set up right now is if the chips
are going to go to China, they come back
to the US for a security inspection to
make sure that they are indeed the types
of chips that are being allowed to be
sent uh to the Chinese. We know there
are a lot of Chinese companies that want
them. We know the Chinese government's
pretty interested in having their own uh
domestic champions build them. Uh so the
Chinese themselves right now are having
a conversation about u the types of
chips that they want from the United
States. Uh we think that they want the
H200s. They've shown an interest in
that. Uh so we'll see, you know, between
their process and ours. We'll see where
it goes.
>> It seems like the tech wars have been
behind a lot of the negotiations over
the past 12 months in particular, not
only with China, but also the European
Union. I'm just wondering where some of
those discussions are with respect to
some of the restrictions and regulatory
investigations Europe has been making
toward US tech companies. Where are some
of those discussions?
>> So, I I just had a conversation
yesterday with my counterpart in the
European trade in the European
Commission yesterday uh to to reinforce
some of the strong concerns we're
hearing from US stakeholders. uh US tech
companies are the most competitive in
the world and Europe frankly doesn't
have those types of competitors. If you
talk to the Europeans, they'll say
that's why we have to regulate and have
these protectionist measures uh against
US tech companies. Uh unfortunately, we
see in the way that they've developed
those measures, they're discriminatory.
Uh they only capture companies above a
certain threshold of revenue globally or
certain business models and magically it
only happens to capture US companies.
They'll they'll say that they're Chinese
companies, too, but we only see actions
against uh American companies. So, it's
a problem. It's discriminatory in fact.
You'll hear the Europeans say, "Well,
it's fair, but it's discriminatory in
fact and in intent." Um, so I, you know,
I've I want to talk to these folks. I
want to negotiate over it. Uh, they've
been somewhat resistant to that. But
again, I had a great conversation
yesterday with the European Trade
Commissioner, and I think we just have
to be able to talk about why they're
doing this, why they're purporting to
regulate American companies and their
global business models.
>> Ambassador, coming into 2025, a lot of
people were wondering who our allies and
who our adversaries would be on trade.
And we were talking about who
traditionally have been US allies and
who haven't. Have you been surprised at
who's been most difficult to deal with
in 2025? It has surprised a lot of
people in the markets to see the likes
of Europe be a more contentious
discussion than other regions even
sometimes China.
>> That's because they haven't been trade
negotiators. I have not been surprised
at where it's been more challenging. Uh
take India for example who's an
important partner and a strategic
partner in a lot of ways. We started
negotiating with them early in the year
and we're still negotiating with them to
to try to find a good landing zone.
During that time we have other trade
partners who have come in started uh
proceeded with and concluded trade
negotiations with us uh etc. The the
reality is somebody like like Europe and
frankly you know some jurisdictions that
want to emulate them they you know they
might have relatively low tariffs
compared to the rest of the world but
they have non-tariff barriers
regulations that exclude American
agriculture on our major exports and
regulations that exclude our industrial
exports. Uh and so you get into and this
is why we have giant imbalances. That's
not because Europe is really
competitive. We know they're not. It's
because they have a lot of these rules
that prevent US goods and services from
going into the continent.
>> Ambassador Greer, just to finish up on
Mexico, which has been negotiating, from
what we understand, they just recently
gave final approval to put tariffs on
certain Chinese imports, and a lot of
people are expecting there to be some
sort of reprieve with respect to
aluminum and steel tariffs on Mexico. Is
there any discussion about that going on
right now?
>> So, so first of all, any country in the
world who exports steel and aluminum to
the United States uh wants to have a
modification uh to that regime because
the United States for many years has
been the consumer of last resort. And
this is why the president put steel
aluminum tariffs on in the first
administration. The Biden administration
kept them and the president has
tightened them further in his second
administration. Uh, of course, the
Mexicans are asking for this. Uh we have
found the Mexicans to be uh quite
constructive in some of our recent
discussions and looking to change some
of their laws and regulations related to
long-standing US concerns. Um so have
the Mexicans asked about this? Yes. Um
you know I won't give any further detail
beyond that, but it's certainly
something that that they would like to
see. It's not surprising.
>> Ambassador Greer, thank you so much for
being with us uh this morning and have a
wonderful rest of the year. Ambassador
Jameson Greer speaking with us really
indicating how much we're seeing this
kind of shift to not exactly the hot
boil that we saw this year and I would
love Alicia your take just quickly on
how much people are expecting peak
uncertainty uh with tariffs behind us
and smooth sailing going forward. So
despite the fact that everybody's
waiting on Scotas, I'm not sure that's
really the gamecher here, even though
it'll introduce some uncertainty on the
how, but it seems clear the
administration is intent on having
tariffs. Peak uncertainty on tariffs was
May and April of 2025. And the market
has told us that it's essentially behind
us now. So, I guess you could say one of
the risks would be if it just reemerges
as an issue because right now the tariff
collections are coming in far lower than
the statutory rate. We'll continue this
conversation in just a minute. Coming
up, Ryan Wong of HSBC as some analysts
cast out on US inflation. Plus, Yahara
Anand with your morning movers as we try
to get some sort of rally to end the
last trading week of 2025.
trying to build in what we saw yesterday
with a little bit of positivity at least
in the tech space not so much everywhere
else just really fading as the session
grows older NASDAQ futures up 210 of a
percent Russell 2000 also up almost the
same amount curious given what we're
seeing in the bond space 2's 10 and 30s
yields climbing at the longer end of the
yield curve not because of CPI yesterday
but because of what we saw from the Bank
of Japan hiking rates to the highest
levels going back 30 years 30-year
yields uh rising in sympathy the 4.83%
really have been pinned there, Daddy. I
mean, to me, this is really the story.
They've been pegged at this higher level
and people saying it's okay because
ultimately the economy is strong enough
to look past this, right? It's been and
it's been tighting in trading in a
really tight range too in that same
level. So maybe that's why it's like,
okay, maybe the level isn't great, but
the direction is not is not concerning,
but then you also have volatility
trading really low. How much of that
though does get disrupted from what
we're seeing globally? And that is the
story of this morning and likely it's
going to be the story of 2026 with Bank
of Japan, BOE and ECB signaling that
either they're hiking in the case of
Japan or that their rate cutting cycle
is over.
>> Yeah, the global story also very much
front and focus for corporations 1 hour
away from the cash open. Here are your
morning movers with Yahira on it. Hi
Lisa. The housing market continues to
challenge the home builders. We saw that
with LAR earlier this week. And now with
KB Homes, shares are falling 4 and a4%
after they've delivered fewer homes than
expected while profit also weakened in
the last quarter. That's thanks to those
big incentives that they've been
offering buyers to get them in their
homes. KB Homes also issuing a weaker
outlook than expected as those
challenges around affordability and
mortgage rates set are look set to
remain. Meanwhile, we are seeing Oracle
shares rising near uh 4.6% in the
pre-market on a reporting that it will
be part of an American consortium of
investors set to take over Tik Tok's US
operations. Oracle would gain 15%
ownership under the deal which analysts
are saying uh would lock in Tik Tok as a
major cloud customer for Oracle. This is
all according to a memo seen by
Bloomberg with a deal expected to close
on January 22nd. And we end on Nike, big
mover to the downside, down now uh 11.6%
after the company warned that sales will
drop this quarter. And that's thanks to
two major issues. Its China sales and
its Converse brand. The weakness
surprising investors after two straight
quarters from Nike of growth. The
negativity also spilling into the
broader footwear sector with Deckers
which makes the UGG and Hoka shoe brands
also falling down 3% in the pre-market.
Lisa, thank you so much. Yhiro.
Meanwhile, Wall Street casting doubt in
November CPI report hitting a 4-year low
after several categories with previously
stubborn inflation appeared to nearly
evaporate. Bloomberg's Michael McKe
joins us now. Mike, what's the latest
when people parse through this,
particularly with respect to owner's
equivalent rent?
Basically, you just have to look past
this and that's what most people are
going to do. Nobody thinks that BLS did
anything wrong, uh, illegal, put it that
way, or or conspiratorial. But they did
have a statistical issue with how you
deal with the fact that there were no
October data. And so what they did was
just move September data into the
October uh block boxes. And that ended
up meaning that there was uh for housing
zero change in prices, which is not
likely at all. So, everybody's looking
past this and we'll get the December uh
CPI numbers in January and that'll be
much more dispositive as far as what the
Fed's going to do.
>> Thank you so much, Michael McKe. And
we'll be looking forward to that data
with possibly more clarity. Alicia
Lavine, head of investment strategy and
equities at BNY still wealth still with
us. I'm just curious what your takeaway
was from the CPI report we got
yesterday. Well, of course, there was
that first shock like wow, you know,
it's much lower, but then it became
clear that there there are donut holes
there. So, I think overall better that
it was that inflation report was weaker
than stronger and really good that we
don't have to debate whether or not the
higher readings are real or not. But I
think ultimately the market told you
yesterday, the bond market told you
yesterday that we understand that this
data is not quite firm enough and we'll
have to wait and see. I think overall
the last two three months on all the
data reads the comparisons have been
very hard the collections have been
difficult. So the Fed is working in a
little bit of a data vacuum still
because it's very hard to month to have
a month overmonth read when you're not
quite sure if the if the collection was
the same as it was historically.
>> How much does inflation boost the case
for equities beyond the case of fixed
income beyond the case of almost any
other asset class? So I think you really
have to separate it here because clearly
inflation reads for fixed income are are
quite difficult and small changes can
matter a lot in in market pricing and in
portfolios. On the equity market, it's a
very different thing because earnings
are nominal, meaning it takes into
account inflation. And so any bit of
inflation that does not cause a Fed
pivot, right? The key here is the Fed
pivot. And the pivot meaning from a cut
or a hold to a hike. So as long as
inflation is somewhere in that place
where the Fed is not pivoting, then it's
actually fine for equities and that
inflationary piece gets reflected in
market pricing because it gets reflected
in earnings. So very different in your
asset classes, which asset classes can
handle a little bit of extra inflation
and which not.
>> Yeah. and the idea of a hike right now.
Very much not on the Fed's picture,
especially of course that would be a
risk.
>> That would be a risk. That would be a
risk. But right now doesn't seem to be
in anybody's bingo card for next year.
Ryan Wong of HSBC joins us now to parse
through what we have heard. Ryan, do you
think it is appropriate to just look
through yesterday's CPI report?
>> Well, I'm not sure we can just entirely
look through that release. Now, it's
true that the most analyzed portion of
that report did relate to the rental
inflation. And I do think it's fair to
say that the the number itself was
likely distorted on the rental side, but
we still have to build a new fact
pattern for what rents will look like as
we go into next year because actually
there had been some evidence even prior
to yesterday's report that rental
inflation has been slowing gradually.
So, I don't think we can entirely
dismiss it. And then yes, if we look at
the other components of the report, they
also surprised the downside. Maybe there
were some seasonal distortions. Of
course, we are, you know, going into the
holiday season. So therefore, the timing
of when that data collection happened
might have led to some of that downward
distortion.
>> How are you thinking more generally,
Ryan, about the data and the quality of
data itself, whether it's good enough to
make decisions by the Fed or whether
this is a Fed that is in hold not just
because of the pressure from the dual
mandates, but because of the lack of
clarity from the numbers themselves?
Well, I think in the United States the
one thing is we do have an extreme
wealth of data, right? We have so many
numbers. That's why, you know, we had
this historic week this week where we
had these highly unusual jobs reports
and highly unusual inflation numbers,
but then we have all these other
secondary indicators and private sector
indicators and then we have the
anecdotal information from the page
book. So, there's plenty to analyze. I
don't think that's really the issue. Um,
I think, you know, the disagreements on
the Fed are fundamental. They are about,
you know, what is the better approach
for policy rates? you know, do you still
need to slow down the economy to bring
them down those inflation numbers even
further or is it fine to just sort of
sit where you are for for for you know
some time and and allow the economy to
adjust to to the current level of
interest rates?
>> We were speaking with Krishna Gua of um
Evercore earlier who said that he was
worried not as much at this moment but
it is a real threat to have some
breakdown in the Fed. crisis of
governance is what he called it when
Powell is no longer there and you have
someone at the head of the Fed who can't
coalesce a consensus that it's not just
an issue of disagreeing opinions but
it's about a lack of ability to to
communicate it's about politics getting
more deeply entrenched is that a risk
for you in 2026
>> well it's something to watch for I mean
we heard from Feder pal that he wants to
deliver the economy in a strong place to
his successor and so look the new Fed
chair is going to have a new
communication style is going to have a
new way of doing things, may have a new
approach to to all of these issues,
assessing the economy, and then
delivering that message to the markets
and to the public more broadly. So,
look, we have to wait and see who that
next Fed chair is, and then after that
occurs, the markets will have to adjust
to a new style.
>> Um, look, on the question of Fed
independence, which is really the
question you're asking, look, I I think
that in some ways politics has been part
of this for a while now. In the end, the
person who's chosen is going to be part
of the institution. Nobody wants runaway
inflation on their watch. That's the
role. So ultimately, I I think the
person whoever is chosen will be uh
aware of of the inflation reads. I think
I think the data is going to normalize
going into next year. We'll be able to
tell.
>> Well, taking a step back, it seems like
people are betting on that. People are
betting on the credibility of the
central bank, particularly, you can see
this in the dollar. There has been a
sense that the dollar has not weakened
more. has basically traded flat since
that April May period of time. I mean,
are people looking past any kind of Fed
compromise here? And I guess I would ask
you that, Ryan. I mean, how much you
looking at a market that has essentially
said, "Yes, this is a Fed that's a
little less independent just because of
the fiscal backdrop, but in the reality
is that it is a committee and it will
ultimately do something that won't
denigrate the superiority of the dollar
too much."
>> Well, I think fiscal issues are still
highly relevant. I mean, next year we
anticipate that we're going to have a
budget deficit that is close to 6% of
GDP for the fourth consecutive year.
Now, in order to offset that, you need
extremely strong GDP growth. Now, on the
positive side, we are going into next
year with some positive tailwinds. You
know, we'll probably get a little bit of
a V-shaped pattern in the GDP numbers.
High in the third quarter, low in the
fourth quarter, and then strong again in
the first quarter of next year, partly
because of the actually the positive
effects of fiscal impulse, right? So
that can be supportive of growth. But at
the same time, we know that the drivers
of growth for the US economy and maybe
the global economy are somewhat narrow.
You know, there's obviously a lot of uh
a lot of this benefit that's come
through from AI capital expenditures.
And there's a question about how much
that can really support tax revenues for
the federal government if that's all
that's driving the economy in 2026.
>> Ryan Wong of HSBC, thank you so much for
being with us and have a wonderful
holiday season. And Alicia, from your
perspective, how much are you seeing a
real push back against the American
first kind of uh idea here? Do you see a
lot of clients saying it is the time for
the rest of the world to perform much
more significantly?
>> So in our client base, the answer would
be no. Right? Our client base is
committed to you know American
exceptionalism, American businesses,
American productivity. You know what we
do is tactical changes in portfolios and
ultimately outperformance of rest of
world is really tied to the US dollar
and that's what we saw the first quarter
of the year. The US dollar dropped 10%
swiftly. Rest of world outperformed
enormously
and ultimately the S&P has outperformed
rest of world since April 1 and as you
point out the dollar's gone nowhere
since July 1. So it's very much tied to
the do dollar. So when we talk about
allocation in portfolios the question we
have to ask at least within the equity
space is where do what's your view on
the US dollar the Japan issue is
interesting of course because as the end
weakens dollar is stronger do you get
the trade back to us outperforming rest
of world so our client base is committed
to US assets large small mid but
ultimately we are allocated emerging
market debt emerging markets and rest of
world as well because we do see the
impact of the the cutting cycle in the
past year or two affecting real growth.
>> Japan is an interesting one especially
off the back of this rate decision
because bond yields are moving higher.
How are you thinking about global
allocation if we continue to get that?
Because there have been past episodes
where US equities are challenged by when
the carry trade is challenged in Japan
or repatriation back home as yields are
all of a sudden attractive. Could that
be a factor yet again in 2026?
>> It could definitely be a factor in 26.
you know, as as the Japanese tenure
moves higher, what does that do to the
US tenure here? I think that that's one
of the risks for next year. Ultimately,
if you get steeper yield curves
globally, as you know, it's great for
financials. And so, all these other all
these other markets are chock full of
financials. So, European equities,
financial uh and Japan equities. So,
that'll be very good for markets as
well. That's why we see bouts of
volatility because ultimately it's the
surprises that give you the the VA in
markets. and something that happens with
the Japanese bond market would
ultimately affect here. The other thing
is the most consensus trade out there is
a weaker dollar for next year which was
what we had this year and so if that
changes at all then you have global
allocations that really don't are not
working in portfolios.
>> Alicia Lavine you're going to be
sticking with us right now. Let's get
you an update on stories elsewhere this
morning. Here is your Bloomberg brief
with Yahara Anna and Jihara.
>> Hi Lisa. EU leaders have agreed on a
more than $15 billion loan package to
Ukraine for the next two years. The
interestf free loan will help the
country finance its military and
economic needs amid its ongoing war with
Russia. The loan came together after
European leaders failed to agree on a
plan to use frozen Russian assets to
raise the funds.
Meanwhile, former NASCAR driver Greg
Biffle and his family are believed to
have died when their corporate jet
crashed just minutes after taking off on
Thursday from a regional airport in
North Carolina. A definitive list of the
victims will be released once their
identities have been confirmed. The FAA
and NTSB are investigating the crash and
the FedEx turnaround story is showing
signs of success, though shares are in
the red. Earnings for the shipping giant
topped estimates and the company raised
the low end of its profit outlook for
the year driven by volume and pricing
gains in the US. However, FedEx is still
working through several challenges and
expects adjusted earnings to dip this
period. Ger Bloomberg brief Lisa, thank
you so much Yahra and thank you so much
for everything this morning and this
week. Up next, setting you up for the
day ahead. Plus, Eric Johnston of Caner
Fitzgerald as pressure grows on the
already fragile AI trade from New York.
This is Bloomberg Surveillance.
President Trump, the administration has
essentially reset the global trading
order uh to move from uh you know total
liberal trade into the United States
without any cost to uh a new fair and
balanced approach. It would be terrible
if the Supreme Court overturned the case
because we have built a new global
trading order on the back of the of
these tariffs. We will do whatever we
need to do to make sure that we can
maintain the tariffs we need. That was
US Trade Representative Jameson Greer
earlier this morning and it gives us a
sense of just how long this year has
been. So many minations, so many twists
and turns right now heading into the end
of the year. People are a bit dazed and
confused at least based on the price
action. Not much on S&P futures. You are
seeing though that lift for NASDAQ and
Russell futures up about a quarter of a
percent in the bond space. That's been
where the action has been. When you take
a look at 10-year yields in the US, in
Europe, as well as in Japan, you could
see that lift higher with a real
question about the global rate cutting
cycle. Is it over? And is Bank of Japan
leading on the hiking scale? Meanwhile,
right now, we're looking at a lot of
positivity heading into next year. Eric
Johnston of Caner Fitzgerald targeting
the S&P to finish next year at 7,400 but
saying the risk of a draw down in the
first quarter is high writing the AI
trade is becoming more fragile. The
capex numbers from hyperscalers at end
of January will be closely watched. Eric
joins us now. Eric great to see you.
Thank you for being here.
>> Thanks for having me. So talking about
the fragile story, why do you push back
given the fact that ultimately you have
seen a lot of earnings come in stronger
than expected and a lot of people have
said the sell-off so far highlights it
isn't a bubble cuz there's skepticism
and that doesn't happen at this time.
>> Well, I think the backdrop is that you
know everything is being driven by the
AI capex cycle and what we see right now
it is it is very strong um as we know
we're seeing it in earnings from from
the microns etc. Um, and I think it's
important to realize that the capex
cycle is driving GDP, right? We're
seeing this anomaly of zero job growth,
but yet GDP 3 4%. We're seeing it in
earnings growth. Earnings, you know, are
grew sales 8% last quarter, mid- teens
uh earnings growth, margins are
expanding. So, the earnings picture is
very strong, but highly correlated to
this buildout. And as we know the market
is a forward-looking uh you know
indicator. And so while everything is
very strong right now I think the the
risk is does something happen in 2026
that gives the market pause around the
direction of the capex cycle in terms of
will the growth of capex continue as
it's been as it has been and I think
that just creates a risk for the overall
market. you you've started to see some
of that risk already creep in, but at
the moment it's taking the form of just
targeting individual companies like
Coreweave, like Oracle. If the market
turns more and starts to question capex
more broadly, do you anticipate that all
the AI names get thrown away or will it
be a market that's very selective with
this narrative?
>> So, I think it and and to be clear, I I
think the cycle is going to continue
throughout 26. It's just that I think
there's going to be scares along the
way. And when you get those scares,
there's so much in the S&P, not only in
tech that is tied to it. So you think
about some industrial companies um that
are that are benefiting from the
construction of all these of all these
data centers. Um obviously in utilities
um so many different aspects and then of
course within tech semiconductors are um
are at the heart of it. So um I think if
you do see a broad concern around a
capex cycle that is turning then it
would have a much broader impact on on
tech. But one of the things we've seen
of late is you know the picking of
winners and losers and I think that's
going to continue. I don't think um you
know it'll ever be sort of a broad um
you know take on um just because there's
so many different players and there
ultimately will be winners and losers. I
I do feel though like it's a market that
is trying to pick through and find where
those winners are and the narrative has
been we're broadening out. It's not just
the picks and shovels. We're looking at
people who can benefit from AI. What
about business models that are getting
destroyed by AI? You see that in the
likes of Salesforce for example? Are
there certain sectors where you just
would not touch at the moment because
the uncertainty of the impact AI will
have on their business models? So, I
actually think that those names are
actually going to perform well in 2026
just because they've been thrown away in
2025. Salesforce is is a great example.
So, I think there's been a much more
draconian view around how quickly AI is
going to, you know, hit companies that
have products that maybe in the future
down the road could be severely negative
impacted um by AI. But I think the
market's taken far too aggressive a view
in terms of the timing of it and
actually how it's going to play out. So
I think names like Salesforce actually
could do very well in 2026 as the market
starts to take a step back and say hold
on this actually may take longer. Um you
know they're not their products are not
going away etc. And there's a lot of
names like that um that are that are
very similar to Salesforce. And it even
goes beyond uh beyond tech, whether it
be the consulting firms, firms tied to
to labor, etc.
>> Well, there's this idea of dispersion
here, right? And Alicia, I'd love your
thoughts on this. Alicia Lavine from BNY
Wealth, uh, with us this morning. There
is this question about how much people
are going to start to question the
financial prospects of some of these
companies and how much the proof is
really going to be in the pudding and
you could get some selective defaults.
you could get some real uh questions
around whether the open AIs of the world
will keep getting the money that they're
asking for. How much are you kind of
looking to this as being a hiccup
whether it comes through in the
financial sector, whether it comes
through private credit or whether it
just comes through a specific stock
selection.
>> So I think look, we're in the middle of
something of an industrial revolution
here and not all not all entities are
going to be winners here. And even year
to date, if you just look at the
magnificent seven, which pretty much
overall have benefited from the AI trade
over the last 24 months, only two of the
seven have actually outperformed the S&P
this year. So, you know, the winner the
market is always trying to pick winners
and losers in whatever era we are. I'd
say there is risk there. I don't think
the risk is going to be overall, but to
particular companies, that would
definitely be the case. But if you just
think about the conversation that we
were having around this table, let's
call it February and March when we
weren't talking about tariffs. We were
talking about the companies, you know,
the in the top 10 who were not investing
in AI and were they going to be left for
dead or business models were going to go
away altogether being eaten by chat GPT.
And it turns out those are the companies
doing great right now. So I think it
moves so quickly that piercing through
for the next 12 months, which is what
you really have to do at deploying new
capital today where the market's going,
you can't do it day by day. I think it's
too uncertain, but ultimately there will
be winners and losers here, but the ones
that are winning are may not may not be
the ones today that we think will.
>> All right, both of you real quick here.
What's your highest conviction
contrarian trade heading into 2026?
Eric,
>> so I'm not sure how contrarian this is,
but a rally in the bond market. So, um I
think in terms of the long end of the
curve, I think we see the 10-year yield
um you know, drop into the 3s, mid to to
maybe uh upper 3s. Um and that's for uh
a number of reasons. I think inflation
um has peaked and I think we see
inflation come down throughout uh 2026
uh due to you know weak labor market,
weaker weaker wage growth, um oil prices
at the lows, etc. And then I think the
Treasury will be aggressive around
trying to get backend yields lower for
housing purposes and there's a lot they
can do especially if you can get the Fed
funds rate down to the 3% area moving
issuance and uh and doing things like
that. So I think the 10-year yield will
go will go lower will break 4% in in 26.
>> Alicia so growth 2 and a half plus% as a
right tail risk. uh inflation lower
second half of the year and the new Fed
chair fits in just fine and there's no
institutional angst over it. Alicia
Lavine, thank you so much for being with
us this whole morning. BNY Wealth, Eric
Johnson of Cancer Fitzgerald, thank you
so much. Both of you, thank you so much
for spending the last trading day of the
year uh of the at least the last trading
day of the last full week of the year in
2025. Danny, what a morning. I mean,
honestly, go ahead and get
>> I wish it was the last day of the year.
>> I know. Well, I think Donald Trump,
President Trump is trying to make it.
So, uh, coming up on Monday, Marvin Low
of State Street, Suchita Kadalia of
Forester, Neil Dada of Renmack, and Fed
Governor Steven Myron. Don't miss that.
This was Bloomberg Surveillance. Have a
wonderful weekend and have a wonderful
holiday. This is Bloomberg Surveillance.